Q:abandon  [ə'bændən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 放纵： carefree, freedom from constraint
A: ♣例  added spices to the stew with complete abandon 肆无忌惮地向炖菜里面加调料
A: ♣近  unconstraint, uninhibitedness, unrestraint
A: ♠考法2  v. 放纵： to give (oneself) over unrestrainedly
A: ♣例  abandon oneself to emotion 感情用事，abandon herself to a life of complete idleness 放纵自己过着闲散的生活
A: ♣近  indulge, surrender, give up
A: ♠考法3  v. 放弃： to withdraw from often in the face of danger or encroachment
A: ♣例  abandon the ship/homes 弃船，离家
A: ♣反  salvage 救援
A: ♠考法4  v. 停止做某事： to put an end to (something planned or previously agreed to)
A: ♣例  the bad weather forced NASA to abandon the launch 坏天气迫使NASA停止了发射
A: ♣近  abort, drop, repeal, rescind, revoke, call off
A: ♣反  keep, continue, maintain, carry on 继续

Q:abase  [ə'beis]
A: ♠考法1  v. 降低（地位、职位、威望或尊严）： to lower in rank, office, prestige, or esteem
A: ♣例  was unwilling to abase himself by pleading guilty to a crime that he did not commit 不愿意屈就自己去承认一个莫须有的罪名
A: ♣近  debauch, degrade, profane, vitiate, discredit, foul, smirch, take down
A: ♣反  elevate, ennoble, uplift, aggrandize, canonize, deify, exalt 使高贵，使有声望

Q:abash  [ə'bæʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使尴尬，使羞愧： to destroy the self-possession or self-confidence of ,disconcert, embarrass
A: ♣例  Nothing could abash him. 没有什么可以使他感到难堪。
A: ♣近  discomfit, disconcert, discountenance, faze, fluster, nonplus, mortify
A: ♣反  embolden 使大胆

Q:abate  [ə'beit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 减轻（程度或者强度）： to reduce in degree or intensity
A: ♣例  abate his rage/pain 平息他的愤怒/减轻痛苦
A: ♣近  moderate, recede, subside, remit, wane, die (away or down or out),let up, phase down, ratchet (down)，taper off
A: ♣反  intensify
A: ♠考法2  v. 减少（数量或者降低价值）： to reduce in amount or value
A: ♣例  abate a tax 降低税收
A: ♣近  de-escalate, deplete, downscale, dwindle,
A: ♣反  augment, promote 增加
A: ♠考法3  v. 停止，撤销： to put an end to
A: ♣例  abate a nuisance 停止伤害
A: ♣近  abrogate, annul, invalidate, nullify, rescind, vacate

Q:abbreviate  [ə'bri:vieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 缩写，缩短： to make briefer
A: ♣例  abbreviate the word “building” as “bldg.” 将“building”缩写作“bldg”
A: ♣近  abridge, curtail, cut back, syncopate，truncate
A: ♣反  extend, protract, elongate, lengthen, prolong 延长

Q:abdicate  ['æbdikeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 正式放弃（权力、责任）： to renounce a throne，to relinquish (power or responsibility) formally
A: ♣例  abdicate the throne/crown 退位
A: ♣近  cede, relinquish, renounce, resign, step down (from)
A: ♣反  constitute, assume, usurp 任命，承担，篡位

Q:aberrant  [æ'berənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 异常的，非常规的： deviating from the usual or natural type
A: ♣例  This behavior might be aberrant enough to draw attention. 这样的行为已经异常得足以引起人们的注意。
A: ♣近  abnormal, anomalous, peculiar, singular, unwonted，uncustomary
A: ♣反  normal, natural, regular, standard, typical 正常的，标准典型的

Q:abet  [ə'bet]
A: ♠考法1  v. 帮助，怂恿： to assist or support in the achievement of a purpose
A: ♣例  aid and abet (法律)协助教唆
A: ♣近  ferment, foment, provoke, instigate, stir (up), whip (up)
A: ♠考法2  v. 鼓励： to actively encourage (as an activity or plan)
A: ♣近  aid, assist, back, support, prop (up)
A: ♣反  stymie, frustrate, obstruct, thwart, impede, forestall , hinder 阻挠

Q:abeyance  [ə'beiəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 中止，搁置： temporary inactivity
A: ♣例  hold the plan in abeyance 使计划暂停
A: ♣近  doldrums, quiescence, moratorium, latency, dormancy, suspension, cold storage, deep freeze
A: ♣反  continuance, fulfillment 继续，履行

Q:abhor  [əb'hɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 深恶痛绝，极度厌恶： to regard with extreme repugnance
A: ♣例  He abhors the way people leave their trash at the picnic sites in the park. 他很厌恶人们把垃圾留在公园的野餐点。
A: ♣近  abominate, despise, detest, execrate, loathe
A: ♣反  greatly admire 非常崇拜

Q:abiding  [ə'baidiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 永久的： lasting for a long time; enduring
A: ♣例  an abiding love of Espanol 对西班牙语持久的热爱
A: ♣近  ageless, enduring, eternal, everlasting, perennial, perpetual, timeless
A: ♣反  evanescent , ephemeral 短暂的

Q:abject  [æb'dʒekt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无精打采的： cast down in spirit, spiritless
A: ♣例  a man made abject by suffering 被生活折磨得无精打采的人
A: ♣近  spiritless
A: ♣反  spirited, excited, exultant 狂喜的，令人兴奋的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （地位、身份）悲惨、凄凉的： sunk to or existing in a low state or condition
A: ♣例  abject poverty 让人绝望的贫穷
A: ♠考法3  adj. 卑微的，讨好的： expressing or offered in a humble and often ingratiating spirit
A: ♣例  abject flattery 卑躬屈膝般的恭维； an abject apology 讨好般的、真心的道歉
A: ♣近  base, humble, menial, servile, slavish

Q:abjure  [æb'dʒuə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 发誓放弃： a firm and final rejecting or abandoning often made under oath
A: ♣例  abjure one’s belief 发誓放弃信仰
A: ♣近  recant, renege, renounce, abnegate, forswear (also foreswear), repudiate
A: ♣反  affirm, espouse, embrace 拥护
A: ♠考法2  v. 抵制，避免： to resist the temptation of
A: ♣例  abjure extravagance 抵制铺张浪费
A: ♣近  keep (from), refrain (from), withhold (from)
A: ♣反  bow to, give in to, submit to, succumb to, surrender to, yield to 屈从于

Q:abnegate  ['æbniɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 否认： deny, renounce
A: ♣例  abnegated the idea of freedom 放弃自由的观念
A: ♣近  recant, renege, repudiate, unsay, forswear (also foreswear), take back,
A: ♣反  reaffirm 再肯定，重申
A: ♠考法2  v. 投降，放弃，交出（权力等）：surrender, relinquish
A: ♣例  abnegated her powers 交出她拥有的权力
A: ♣近  cede, resign, step aside (from), step down (from)
A: ♣反  adhere to 依附，坚持

Q:abominate  [ə'bɔmineit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 憎恶： to hate or loathe intensely, abhor
A: ♣例  We abominate jokes that make fun of people who have physical disabilities. 我们鄙视对有生理缺陷的人开玩笑。
A: ♣近  despise, detest, execrate, loathe
A: ♣反  esteem, love, adore 尊敬，爱

Q:aboveboard  [ə,bʌv'bɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无欺诈的，光明正大的： free from all traces of deceit or duplicity
A: ♣例  This transaction was totally aboveboard, so there was no reason to question it. 这项交易完全公开公正，没有必要质疑。
A: ♣反  chicanery, surreptitious, underhanded 偷偷摸摸的

Q:abrade  [ə'breid]
A: ♠考法1  v. 磨损，精神上折磨： to rub or wear away especially by friction; wear down spiritually
A: ♣例  My skin was abraded. 我的皮肤被磨损了。
A: ♣近  chafe, excoriate, rasp, graze, scuff
A: ♣反  augment 增加

Q:abreast  [ə'brest]
A: ♠考法1  adv. 并排地： beside one another with bodies in line
A: ♣例  a group of youths riding four abreast 四个一排骑着车的孩子们
A: ♣近  alongside, side by side
A: ♣反  aimlessly, desultorily, erratically, haphazardly, irregularly, randomly, willy-nilly 随意地
A: ♠考法2  adj. 熟知的： up to a particular standard or level especially of knowledge of recent developments
A: ♣例  She tried to keep abreast of the latest fashion trends. 她总是尽可能地跟上时尚的潮流。
A: ♣近  acquainted, conversant, informed, knowledgeable, versed, well-informed
A: ♣反  ignorant, unacquainted, unfamiliar, uninformed, unknowledgeable 无知的，不熟悉的

Q:abridge  [ə'bridʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 缩短，缩小： to shorten in duration or extent
A: ♣例  modern transportation abridges distance 现代运输方式缩短了路途
A: ♣近  curtail, truncate, cut back
A: ♣反  extend in length, protract, amplify 延长，放大
A: ♠考法2  v. 在不改变本意的条件下删减词语， 缩写： to shorten by omission of words without sacrifice of sense
A: ♣例  an abridged edition 精简版
A: ♣近  abbreviate, curtail, condense, syncopate

Q:abrogate  ['æbrəuɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 官方的正式废除： to abolish by authoritative action, annul
A: ♣例  abrogate the law/ treaty 废除法律、条约
A: ♣近  disannul, invalidate, nullify, quash, rescind, roll back, strike down
A: ♣反  embrace, uphold, institute 采纳，支持，建立
A: ♠考法2  v. 无视（某事的）存在： to treat as nonexistent
A: ♣例  abrogate their responsibilities 抛开、不顾他们的责任

Q:abscond  [əb'skɔnd]
A: ♠考法1  v. 偷偷离开： to depart secretly and hide oneself
A: ♣例  abscond from the prison 越狱
A: ♣近  flee, lam, run off, break out (of), clear out

Q:absent  ['æbsənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 未出现的，缺乏的： not present, attending or existing
A: ♣例  The city's usual stir of activity was conspicuously absent due to the report of an escaped lion from the zoo. 一则动物园狮子逃跑的消息让这座城市缺少往日的繁华。
A: ♣近  away, lacking, missing, nonexistent, wanting
A: ♣反  existent, present 存在的，出现的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不专心的，走神的： lost in thought
A: ♣例  seemed absent because he nodded but didn’t say anything 他只点了点头但没说话，看起来像是走神了
A: ♣近  abstracted, distracted, preoccupied
A: ♣反  alert, vigilant, watchful, wary 警惕的；attentive, heedful, mindful 专注的

Q:absolute  [æbsə'lju:t]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 专制的： unconstrained by constitutional or other provisions
A: ♣例  absolute ruler 专制的统治者
A: ♣近  arbitrary, autocratic, despotic, dictatorial, monocratic, tyrannical
A: ♠考法2 adj. 无限的： unqualified in extent or degree; total
A: ♣例  absolute silence 鸦雀无声
A: ♣近  complete, utter, deadly, downright, out-and-out
A: ♣反  qualified 有限的，有保留的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 完美的、纯净不掺杂的： free from imperfection free or relatively; free from mixture
A: ♣例  absolute alcohol 无水酒精（纯酒精）
A: ♣近  plain, refined, unadulterated, unalloyed, undiluted, unmixed
A: ♣反  adulterated, alloyed, diluted, impure, mixed 掺杂的，不纯的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 不容置疑的，确凿的： positive, unquestionable
A: ♣例  absolute proof 确凿的证据
A: ♣近  clear, deciding, decisive, definitive
A: ♣反  inconclusive, indecisive, unclear 不明确的

Q:absolve  [əb'zɔlv]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使无罪，解除责任： to set free from an obligation or the consequences of guilt, exculpate
A: ♣例  absolve somebody from blame 使某人免受责备
A: ♣近  acquit, exonerate, vindicate
A: ♣反  blame, criminate, incriminate 定罪

Q:abstain  [əb'stein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 自我克制，主动戒绝： to refrain from something by one's own choice
A: ♣例  abstain from smoking/voting 戒烟，弃权
A: ♣近  forgo, keep from, refrain from, withhold (from)
A: ♣反  bow to, give in to, submit to, succumb to, surrender to, yield to 屈服于

Q:abstemious  [æb'sti:mjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （吃喝等）有节制的，节俭的： marked by restraint especially in the consumption of food or alcohol, sparring
A: ♣例  an abstemious diet 有节制的饮食， abstemious meals 节俭的晚餐
A: ♣近  continent, temperate, self-abnegating, self-denying
A: ♣反  indulgent 放纵的

Q:abstract  [æb'strækt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 做总结，概括： to make an abstract of，summarize
A: ♣例  abstracted the 135-page report in three short paragraphs 将一份135页的报告概括为三段话
A: ♣近  digest, recapitulate, synopsize, sum up, boil down
A: ♣反  elaborate 详细描述
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使分心： to draw away the attention of
A: ♣例  personal problems abstracted him 私人问题让他分心
A: ♣近  detract, divert, call off, throw off
A: ♣派  abstraction n. 心不在焉
A: ♣反  attention 关注

Q:abstruse  [æb'stru:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难以理解的： difficult to comprehend : recondite
A: ♣例  the abstruse calculations 复杂深奥的计算
A: ♣近  arcane, esoteric, hermetic (also hermetical), recondite
A: ♣反  accessible, patent, shallow, superficial 可了解的，肤浅的

Q:absurd  [əb'sə:d]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不合理的：ridiculously unreasonable, unsound, or incongruous
A: ♣例  an absurd argument 无稽之谈
A: ♣近  wild, bizarre, ludicrous, insane, nonsensical, preposterous, half-baked
A: ♣反  rational, sensible, realistic, reasonable 理性的，合理的

Q:abundant  [ə'bʌndənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大量的： marked by great plenty (as of resources)
A: ♣例  a abundant land 一片富饶的土地
A: ♣近  ample, cornucopian, teeming, replete, abounding
A: ♣反  infrequent, rare, uncommon, inadequate, scanty, scarce 稀少的，罕见的

Q:abuse  [ə'bju:s]
A: ♠考法1  v. 辱骂抨击： language that condemns or vilifies usually unjustly, intemperately, and angrily
A: ♣例  He alleged that he was verbally abused by his colleagues. 他声称受到了同事的言语攻击。
A: ♣近  assail, bash, castigate, excoriate, lambaste
A: ♣派  abusive 辱骂的
A: ♠考法2  v. 不正当不合理使用： to put to a wrong or improper use; 过分过量使用：to use excessively
A: ♣例  abuse a privilege 滥用特权； abuse alcohol 酗酒
A: ♣近  misemploy, misuse

Q:abut  [ə'bʌt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 邻接，毗邻： to touch at one end or side; lie adjacent
A: ♣例  Our land abuts a wildlife preserve. 我们的土地靠近一片野生动物保护区。
A: ♣近  skirt, verge on, border on, butt on, march with

Q:abysmal  [ə'bizməl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极低的或极可怜的： immeasurably low or wretched
A: ♣例  abysmal living conditions 极可怜的生活条件
A: ♣近  bottomless
A: ♣反  shallow shoal
A: ♠考法2  adj. （程度）很深的、极端的： immeasurably great
A: ♣例  abysmal ignorance 极端的无知；an abysmal cliff 深不见底的悬崖
A: ♣近  profound
A: ♣反  skin-deep, superficial 肤浅的

Q:accede  [æk'si:d]
A: ♠考法1  v. 赞成： to express approval or give consent
A: ♣例  acceded to their pleas 同意了他们的请愿
A: ♣近  acquiesce, assent, consent, subscribe, come round
A: ♣反  demur, dissent 反对
A: ♠考法2  v. 就任，就职：To arrive at or come into an office or dignity:
A: ♣例  accede to the throne 就任国王

Q:accelerate  [ək'seləreit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 加速： to cause to move faster
A: ♣例  accelerate his steps 加快脚步
A: ♣近  balloon, escalate, snowball, mushroom, proliferate, burgeon, build up
A: ♣反  retard 减速
A: ♠考法2  v. 使提前发生： to bring about at an earlier time
A: ♣例  accelerate their departure 提前离开
A: ♠考法3  v. 变大，变多： to become greater in size, extent, volume, amount, or number
A: ♣例  toy purchases accelerate dramatically during the Christmas season 玩具销售量在圣诞期间暴涨
A: ♣近  accumulate, balloon, enlarge, escalate, mushroom, proliferate, snowball, roll up
A: ♣反  contract, decrease, diminish, dwindle, lessen, recede, wane

Q:accessible  [ək'sesəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可以到达的： situated within easy reach
A: ♣例  the town accessible by rail 有铁路通达的城镇
A: ♣近  handy, reachable
A: ♣反  inconvenient, unhandy, unreachable, untouchable
A: ♠考法2  adj. 可理解的： capable of being understood or appreciated
A: ♣例  The information ought to be made more accessible. 信息应该更清晰易懂。
A: ♣近  apprehensible, fathomable, legible, scrutable
A: ♣反  abstruse, incoherent, incomprehensible, inscrutable, insensible 深奥的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 能够获得的： possible to get
A: ♣例  The data is not currently accessible. 数据目前还不可用。
A: ♣近  available, attainable, obtainable, procurable
A: ♣反  unattainable, unavailable, unobtainable

Q:accessory  [ək'sesəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辅助的，附属的： having a secondary, supplementary, or subordinate function.
A: ♣例  accessory features such as call-waiting 类似呼叫等待的附属功能
A: ♣近  accessory, peripheral, supplementary
A: ♣反  of primarily importance, chief, main, principal 主要的
A: ♠考法2  n. 帮凶： one associated with another in wrongdoing
A: ♣例  two accessories, the driver of the getaway car and the dishonest bank teller, were charged in the robbery case 两个帮凶，逃逸车辆的司机和不诚信的银行出纳，在抢劫案中被控告
A: ♣近  abettor, confederate

Q:accidental  [,æksi'dentəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 意外发生的，偶然的： occurring unexpectedly or by chance
A: ♣例  The discovery of gold was entirely accidental. 黄金的发现纯属偶然。
A: ♣近  incidental, fortuitous, unintended, unintentional, unpremeditated, unwitting
A: ♣反  calculated, deliberate, intended, planned, premeditated 预先计划好的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 附带的，不重要的： not being a vital part of or belonging to something
A: ♣例  Its commercial value was accidental. 它的商业价值微乎其微。
A: ♣近  alien, extraneous, external, adventitious
A: ♣反  inherent, innate, intrinsic 内在的，固有的

Q:acclaim  [ə'kleim]
A: ♠考法1  n. 称赞： public acknowledgment or admiration for an achievement
A: ♣例  Many people were involved in the search, but the person who actually found the missing girl got all the acclaim. 许许多多的人都参与了搜救行动，但是只有真正找到那个迷失的小女孩的人才受到称赞。
A: ♣近  accolade, applause, credit, distinction, homage, honor, kudos, laud, laurels
A: ♠考法2  vt. 赞扬，赞颂： to declare enthusiastic approval of
A: ♣例  He was acclaimed as the country's greatest modern painter. 他被盛赞为国内最优秀的现代画家。
A: ♣近  accredit, applaud, cheer, commend, endorse, exalt, hail, praise, salute, tout
A: ♣反  castigate, excoriate, lambaste, pan, slam 猛烈抨击

Q:acclimate  [ə'klaimit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使适应： to change (something) so as to make it suitable for a new use or situation
A: ♣例  acclimate oneself to a nine-to-five office job 适应朝九晚五的坐班生活
A: ♣近  adjust, accommodate, shape, suit, tailor
A: ♣反  make unfamiliar with 使不熟悉

Q:accolade  [ækəu'leid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 同意，赞赏： an expression of approval
A: ♣反  disapprobation 不赞成
A: ♣例  won virtually every accolade that the film world has to offer 赢得了电影界几乎一致的赞赏
A: ♣近  applause, credit, distinction
A: ♠考法2  v. 赞扬： to praise or honor
A: ♣反  excoriation, criticism, reprobation, castigation, cutting remark, derogation, reproof. denigration, denunciation, swearword 批评，谴责

Q:accommodate  [ə'kɔmədeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 提供所需（例如服务、借贷、寄宿）： to provide with something desired, needed, or suited (as a helpful service, a loan, or lodgings)
A: ♣例  This cruise ship was big enough to accommodate over 600 people. 该游轮可以为超过600人提供食宿。
A: ♣近  fit, hold, take
A: ♠考法2  v. 改变以适应新情况、新场景： to change (something) so as to make it suitable for a new use or situation
A: ♣例  accommodated the lectern to the height of the guest speaker 将讲台的高度调节得适合讲演者
A: ♣近  acclimate, adjust, condition, conform, doctor, edit, shape, suit, tailor
A: ♠考法3  v. 使和谐： to bring to a state free of conflicts, inconsistencies, or differences
A: ♣例  The idea that the United States could harmoniously accommodate all was a fiction. 认为美国能够和谐一切就是幻想。
A: ♣近  attune, conciliate, conform, coordinate, reconcile
A: ♣反  disharmonize 使不和谐

Q:accomplish  [ə'kʌmpliʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 完成，实现： to carry through (as a process) to completion
A: ♣例  I don’t think we can accomplish our goal unless we cooperate. 我认为只有合作才能实现我们的目标。
A: ♣近  achieve, commit, execute, fulfill, make, perpetrate, prosecute, carry out
A: ♣反  fail 失败
A: ♣派  accomplishment n. 成就；accomplished adj. 有造诣的

Q:accord  [ə'kɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 一致： a state of consistency
A: ♣例  This map doesn't seem to be in accord with the current layout of the streets. 这幅地图似乎与当前的街道情况不尽一致。
A: ♣近  accordance, agreement, conformity, congruence, congruity, consonance, harmony, tune
A: ♣反  conflict, disagreement, incongruence, incongruity, incongruousness 不一致
A: ♠考法2  vi. 相符合，相一致： to be consistent or in harmony
A: ♣例  a theory that accords with the known facts 与已知事实相一致的理论‖He claims that the newspaper’s quote does not accord with what he actually said. 他声称报纸引用的他的话与原文并不相符。
A: ♣近  agree, chord, cohere, coincide, conform, correspond, fit, harmonize, jibe, sort, square, tally
A: ♣反  differ, disagree 不相同，不一致
A: ♠考法3  vt. 授予，给予： to grant or give especially as appropriate, due, or earned
A: ♣例  Women were finally accorded the right to vote in 1920. 女性最终在1920年获得了投票权。
A: ♣近  accord, award, grant, vest, vouchsafe
A: ♣反  withhold 保留，不给予；recant, retract, withdraw 撤回，收回
A: ♣派  accordance n. 一致，和谐

Q:accost  [ə'kɔst]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 以挑衅的形式搭讪： to approach and speak to often in a challenging or aggressive way
A: ♣例  accosted by three gang members 被三个混混搭讪

Q:accrete  [æ'kri:t]
A: ♠考法1  v. 逐渐增长： to grow or increase gradually, as by addition
A: ♣例  silt accreting at the mouth of the river 泥沙在河口淤积
A: ♣近  accumulate, build up, pile (up), stack (up)
A: ♣反  wear away, reduction in substance caused by erosion 侵蚀，减少
A: ♣派  accretion n. 慢慢增加

Q:accumulate  [ə'kju:mjuleit]
A: ♠考点1 vi. 逐渐增长： to increase gradually in quantity or number
A: ♣例  accumulate a fortune 积攒了一笔财富
A: ♣近  mount, swell, garner, snowball, build up, bulk (up)
A: ♣反  dissipate, diminish, dwindle, recede, wane 消散，减少

Q:acerbic  [ə'sə:bik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 酸涩的心情、心境或者语调： marked by the use of wit that is intended to cause hurt feelings
A: ♣例  acerbic commentary 尖酸的评论
A: ♣近  pungent, sardonic, satiric, scalding, scathing
A: ♣反  sweet, saccharin 甜的，糖精（甜）
A: ♣派  acerbity n. 酸

Q:acknowledge  [ək'nɔlidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 承认： to admit the existence, reality, or truth of
A: ♣例  He refused to acknowledge the fact that her daughter has gone. 他拒绝承认女儿已经死去的事实。
A: ♣近  admit, agree, allow, concede, confess, grant, own
A: ♣反  deny 否认
A: ♣派  acknowledgement n. 承认

Q:acme  ['ækmi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 顶点，极点： the highest point or stage, as of achievement or development
A: ♣例  the acme of his career 他事业的巅峰
A: ♣近  culmination, pinnacle, tip-top, high-water mark
A: ♣反  bottom, nadir, rock bottom 最低点
A: ♠考法2  n. 最佳典范： the most perfect type or example
A: ♣例  a movie that has come to be regarded as the acme of the Hollywood musical 这部影片被认为是好莱坞音乐剧的最佳典范
A: ♣近  apotheosis, epitome, exemplar

Q:acquiesce  [,ækwi'es]
A: ♠考法1  v. 勉强同意；默许： to accept, comply, or submit tacitly or passively
A: ♣例  acquiesce to my own fleecing 默许我的敲竹杠行为
A: ♣近  assent, consent, subscribe, come round
A: ♣反  resist, defy, dissent 抵制，不同意

Q:acquire  [ə'kwaiə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 获取，获得： to get as one’s own
A: ♣例  bacteria that acquire tolerance to antibiotics 产生了抗药性的细菌‖I have never acquired a taste for wine. 我从来就不具备对葡萄酒酒的品味能力。
A: ♣近  attain, capture, draw, gain, garner, get, make, obtain, procure, realize, reap, secure, win, bring in
A: ♣反  forfeit, lose 丧失

Q:acquisitive  [ə'kwizitiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贪婪的： strongly desirous of acquiring and possessing
A: ♣例  Acquisitive developers are trying to tear down the ancient temple and build a shopping mall instead. 贪婪的开发商打算铲平这座古老的神庙，取而代之地建造一座购物中心。
A: ♣近  avaricious, avid, coveting, covetous, grabby, grasping, mercenary, moneygrubbing, rapacious
A: ♣反  benevolent, generous, liberal, philanthropic, munificent 慷慨的

Q:acrid  ['ækrid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辛辣的，刺鼻的： sharp and harsh or unpleasantly pungent in taste or odor : irritating
A: ♣例  acrid smell of tobacco 烟草刺鼻的味道
A: ♠考点2 adj. 刻薄的： marked by the use of wit that is intended to cause hurt feelings
A: ♣例  acrid temper 刻薄的性情
A: ♣反  gentle 温和的

Q:acrimonious  [,ækri'məunjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 刻薄的，充满仇恨的： having or showing deep-seated resentment
A: ♣例  the acrimonious debate between the two candidates 候选人之间言辞激烈的辩论
A: ♣近  embittered, hard, rancorous, resentful, sore

Q:acumen  [ə'kju:men]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不同寻常的洞察力和鉴别力： exceptional discernment and judgment especially in practical matters
A: ♣例  the business acumen 商业方面的洞察力
A: ♣近  keenness, shrewdness, canniness, clear-sightedness, hardheadedness
A: ♣反  unable to discerning 不能辨别的

Q:acute  [ə'kju:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 敏锐的： marked by keen discernment or intellectual perception especially of subtle distinctions，penetrating
A: ♣例  an acute thinker 思维敏锐的思想者
A: ♣近  delicate, fine, keen, perceptive, sensitive
A: ♠考法2  adj. 严重的，急性的： needing immediate attention
A: ♣例  acute appendicitis 急性阑尾炎
A: ♣近  exigent, imperative, compelling, urgent
A: ♣反  mild, noncritical, nonurgent 轻微的，不严重的
A: ♠考法3  adj. （程度、影响）极强： extreme in degree, or effect
A: ♣例  experiencing acute distress over the misunderstanding with her best friend 因误会她的死党陷入了深深的痛苦
A: ♣近  dreadful, excruciating, profound
A: ♣反  light, moderate, soft 程度温和的

Q:ad-lib  [æd'lib]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 即兴的： made or done without previous thought or preparation
A: ♣例  not bad for an ad-lib comedy routine 对即兴喜剧表演来说已经不错了
A: ♣近  extemporary, impromptu, improvisational, offhanded
A: ♣反  considered, planned, premeditated, rehearsed

Q:adamant  ['ædəmənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执的，不可动摇的：unshakable or insistent especially in maintaining a position or opinion, unyielding; inflexible
A: ♣例  adamant about staying here 执意留下来
A: ♣近  hardheaded, headstrong, intransigent, pertinacious, obdurate, uncompromising
A: ♣反  vacillatory, incline to yield, amenable, compliant, relenting, yielding 动摇的，易屈从的

Q:adapt  [ə'dæpt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 修改，使适应： to modify according with the changing circumstances
A: ♣例  adapt to the change 适应变化； adapt the novel for the screen 改编小说为影视作品
A: ♣近  adjust, conform, edit, accommodate, shape, suit, tailor

Q:addict  [ə'dikt,'ædikt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 沉溺，上瘾： to devote or surrender (oneself) to something habitually or obsessively
A: ♣例  be addicted to drug/ alcohol 沉溺于毒品、酒
A: ♠考法2  n. 对某事上瘾的人： a person with a strong and habitual liking for something
A: ♣例  science-fiction addicts who eagerly await each new installment in the series 科幻小说爱好者，等待着系列的每一次更新
A: ♣近  devotee, enthusiast, fanatic, maniac
A: ♣反  nonfan 非粉丝

Q:adhere  [əd'hiə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 依附，粘着： to cause to stick fast
A: ♣例  adhere to the surface 附着在表面
A: ♣近  cleave, cling, hew
A: ♣反  detach 分离
A: ♠考法2  v. 服从命令： to act according to the commands of
A: ♣例  adhere to the rules 遵守规定
A: ♣近  cling to, hew to, stand by, stick to, comply with
A: ♣反  defy, disobey, rebel against 不服从，反抗
A: ♠考法3  v. 坚定地支持： to give steadfast support to
A: ♣例  our coach adheres to the belief that we can win this game if we just have a positive attitude 我们的教练坚定地相信，只有我们有积极的态度，我们就能拿下比赛
A: ♣近  keep to, stand by, stick to or with
A: ♣反  defect from 叛变
A: ♣派  adherent n. 追随者：a follower of a leader, party, or profession
A: ♣反  forerunner 先行者

Q:adjourn  [ə'dʒə:n]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 延期，休会： to suspend a session indefinitely or to another time or place
A: ♣例  The meeting adjourned for a week. 会议延期一周。
A: ♣近  prorogate, prorogue, recess, suspend
A: ♣反  convoke 召集，召开会议

Q:adjudicate  [ə'dʒu:dikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 裁决，判定： to hear and settlea case, dispute or conflict
A: ♣例  When my wife and I asked the salesclerk to adjudicate our disagreement, she agreed with me that the white shoes looked better. 我和我妻子要求售货员来裁决我们之间的争论，最后她还是同意了我的观点，认为白色的鞋子看起来更漂亮。
A: ♣近  adjudge, arbitrate, decide, determine, judge, referee, settle, umpire

Q:adjunct  ['ædʒʌŋkt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 附属物，非必须部分： something joined or added to another thing but not essentially a part of it
A: ♣例  Massage therapy can be used as an adjunct along with the medication. 按摩治疗可以作为药物治疗的补充疗法。
A: ♣近  appendage, appliance, attachment, add-on
A: ♣反  essential element 重要部分

Q:admonish  [əd'mɔniʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 建议： to give advice to
A: ♣例  admonished the patient to eat more healthy foods 建议患者多吃健康食品
A: ♣近  counsel
A: ♠考法2  v. 责备： to reprove gently but earnestly.
A: ♣例  admonished her for littering 责备她乱扔垃圾
A: ♣近  chide, reprimand, reproach, reprove, tick off
A: ♣派  admonishment n. 责备

Q:adore  [ə'dɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 喜爱，感到愉悦： to take pleasure in
A: ♣例  I adore those earrings. 我相中那对耳环了。
A: ♣近  fancy, relish, savor, delight in, rejoice in
A: ♠考法2  vt. 宠爱： to feel passion, devotion, or tenderness for
A: ♣例  adored his wife 宠爱他的妻子
A: ♣近  cherish
A: ♣反  abhor, abominate, despise, detest, execrate, loathe 讨厌，嫌弃

Q:adulate  ['ædjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 极度谄媚： to praise too much
A: ♣例  incompetent assistants who spend all their time adulating her 成天恭维她的不称职的下属
A: ♣近  overpraise, belaud, soft-soap, butter up
A: ♣反  scorn, disdain, vituperate, disparage 鄙视

Q:adulterate  [ə'dʌltəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 掺杂，加入低等成分： to corrupt, debase, or make impure by the addition of a foreign or inferior substance or element
A: ♣例  adulterate its products with cheap additives 在产品中掺杂廉价的添加剂
A: ♣近  alloy, contaminate, pollute, taint, water down
A: ♣反  enrich, fortify, strengthen 加入养分

Q:adumbrate  ['ædʌmbreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 部分地或有保留地揭露： to disclose partially or guardedly.
A: ♣例  adumbrate a plan 透露计划
A: ♣反  revelation 完全显示
A: ♠考法2  vt. 预示着： to give a slight indication of beforehand
A: ♣例  The strife in Bloody Kansas adumbrated the civil war that would follow. 发生在堪萨斯州的流血冲突预示了之后的南北内战的爆发。
A: ♣近  forerun, harbinger, herald, prefigure

Q:adventitious  [,ædven'tiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 外来的，后天的： coming from another source and not inherent or innate
A: ♣例  Moral considerations are adventitious to the study of art. 道德的考量对于艺术研究来说是不必要的。
A: ♣近  alien, extraneous, external, foreign, supervenient
A: ♣反  constitutional, essential, intrinsic, inborn, inbred, innate, inherent 天生的

Q:adversary  ['ædvəsəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 敌手，对手： one that contends with, opposes, or resists : enemy
A: ♣例  political adversary 政敌
A: ♣近  antagonist, foe, opponent
A: ♣反  ally, amigo, friend 联盟，朋友

Q:adversity  [əd'və:səti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 厄运，逆境： a state, condition, or instance of serious or continued difficulty or adverse fortune
A: ♣例  The fire is the test of gold, adversity of strong man.(Martha Graham) 烈火试真金，逆境炼勇士。——玛莎?葛兰姆‖finally overcame all the adversities of the Great Depression and rebuilt their fortunes 终于度过了大萧条的困境，开始重新创造他们的财富
A: ♣近  ill, hardship, misadventure, mischance, mishap, tragedy
A: ♣反  fortune, luck, serendipity 好运气

Q:advert  [əd'və:t]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 引起注意；提到：to call attention; refer:
A: ♣例  He adverted to the problem in the opening paragraph. 他开门见山地引出了问题。
A: ♣派  advertent a 留意的
A: ♣反  inattentive, remiss, heedless, negligent 疏忽的

Q:advocate  ['ædvəkeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 支持，提倡： to speak, plead, or argue in favor of; support
A: ♣例  advocates traditional teaching methods 提倡传统教学方法
A: ♣近  back, champion, endorse, patronize
A: ♣反  impunge 提出异议

Q:affable  ['æfəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 和蔼的，温和的： characterized by ease and friendliness
A: ♣例  an affable manner 随和的举止
A: ♣近  cordial, genial, hospitable, sociable, good-natured, good-tempered, well-disposed
A: ♣反  irascible, testy, ill-tempered, unamiable, ungenial易怒的，不随和的

Q:affectation  [,æfek'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 虚伪，做作： the act of taking on or displaying an attitude or mode of behavior not natural to oneself or not genuinely felt
A: ♣例  the rolling of the ship made the young sailor squeamish 摇晃的船只让年轻的水手感到恶心
A: ♣近  fa?ade, guise, mannerism, pose, pretense, show
A: ♣反  artlessness, genuineness, innocence, naivety 天真，淳朴

Q:affinity  [ə'finəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喜欢，亲切感： a habitual attraction to some activity or thing
A: ♣例  always had an affinity for nurturing living things 喜欢培养活物
A: ♣近  bent, penchant, predilection, predisposition, proclivity, propensity
A: ♣反  aversion, repugnance, antipathy 厌恶
A: ♠考法2  n. 相似： the fact or state of having something in common
A: ♣例  a study showing an affinity between obesity and socioeconomic status 一项表现了肥胖程度和社会经济水平之间相似性的研究
A: ♣近  association, bearing, kinship

Q:affirm  [ə'fə:m]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 声称为真，肯定属实： to assert (as a judgment or decree) as valid or confirmed
A: ♣例  He was unwilling to affirm without further study that the painting is an original Rembrandt. 在缺乏进一步研究的情况下，他不愿意声称这幅画作是出自伦布兰特的正品。
A: ♣近  allege, assert, aver, avouch, avow, contend, declare, insist, maintain, profess, protest, purport, warrant
A: ♣反  deny, gainsay 否定，反对
A: ♣派  affirmation n. 肯定，确认

Q:affix  [ə'fiks]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 粘合： to attach physically
A: ♣例  affix a stamp to a letter 把邮票贴在信封上
A: ♣近  attach, bend, fix
A: ♣反  detach, undo, unfasten, unhook 松开，分开

Q:affliction  [ə'flikʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 痛苦，悲伤，折磨： a state of great suffering of body or mind
A: ♣例  She listened with deep affliction as her daughter told her about the latest trouble she was in. 她怀着巨大的痛苦聆听着女儿告诉她目前艰难的处境。
A: ♣近  agony, anguish, dolor, excruciation, grief, hurt, misery, pain, rack, torment, torture, travail, tribulation, woe
A: ♣反  bliss, cheer, delight, ecstasy, elation, euphoria, exhilaration, exuberance, exultation, felicity, joy, jubilation, pleasure, rapture 喜悦，高兴

Q:affluent  ['æfluənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 富裕的： having a generously sufficient and typically increasing supply of material possessions
A: ♣例  affluent society 富裕的社会
A: ♣近  opulent, loaded, deep-pocketed, silk-stocking, well-endowed, well-off, well-to-do
A: ♣反  needy, impecunious, impoverished, indigent, penurious 贫困的

Q:agape  [ə'ɡeip]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 急切盼望的： having or showing signs of eagerly awaiting something
A: ♣例  At the sound of the sleigh bells the children were all agape, waiting for Santa to appear. 听到雪橇铃，孩子们开始好奇地等待圣诞老人的到来。
A: ♣近  agog, anticipant, anticipatory
A: ♣反  apathetic, indifferent, unconcerned, uninterested 不感兴趣的，不为所动的

Q:aggrandize  [ə'ɡrændaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 增加、提高力量、财富、地位、声誉等： to enhance the power, wealth, position, or reputation of
A: ♣例  exploited the situation to aggrandize himself 借势而上使得自己地位提升、财富增长
A: ♣近  augment, boost , expand, magnify, add (to),pump up
A: ♣反  relegate, disparage, efface, abase, demean 降级，贬低

Q:aggravate  ['æɡrəveit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 加重，恶化： to make worse, more serious, or more severe
A: ♣例  Stress and lack of sleep could aggravate the situation. 压力和睡眠不足使情况恶化。
A: ♣近  complicate, worsen
A: ♣反  alleviate, succor, console, assuage, mitigate, relieve 减轻，安慰
A: ♠考法2  v. 使不爽： to disturb the peace of mind of (someone) especially by repeated disagreeable acts
A: ♣例  it really aggravates me when I arrive 10 minutes before the stated closing time, and the store's closed already 我在号称的打烊时间前10分钟到达，但发现商店已经关门了，让我很不爽
A: ♣近  annoy, bother, nettle, vex

Q:aggregate  ['æɡriɡət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 集合体： a mass or body of units or parts somewhat loosely associated with one another
A: ♣例  An empire is the aggregate of many states under one common head. 帝国是以一个共同领袖领导的若干国家的集合体。
A: ♣近  sum, summation, totality
A: ♣反  isolated units 隔离的单位
A: ♠考法2  v. 集合，聚集： to collect or gather into a mass or whole
A: ♣例  aggregates content from many other sites 搜罗集合了其他网站的内容
A: ♣近  coalesce, join together 结合，连接
A: ♣派  disaggregate v. 分解
A: ♣反  disperse 分散

Q:aggressive  [ə'ɡresiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 好斗的： having a quality of anger and determination that makes it ready to attack others
A: ♣例  aggressive behavior 具有攻击性的行为
A: ♣近  fierce, assaultive, combative, militant, confrontational, go-getting, self-assertive, truculent, pugnacious
A: ♣反  even-tempered, nonbelligerent, pacific, uncombative, uncontentious 心平气和的，不好斗的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 强有力的，强烈的： marked by or uttered with forcefulness
A: ♣例  an aggressive campaign to win the African-American vote 一次能够获得非裔美国人选票的强有力的竞选
A: ♣近  dynamic, energetic, full-blooded, vigorous

Q:aggrieve  [ə'ɡri:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使苦恼,悲痛： to give pain or trouble to, distress
A: ♣反  gratify 使高兴，满足
A: ♣派  aggrieved adj. 苦恼的，怨念的
A: ♣例  a line of aggrieved ticket-holders, demanding a refund for the cancelled play 一队怨念的购票者，为取消的话剧要求退款
A: ♣近  discontent, disgruntled, displeased, dissatisfied, malcontent

Q:agility  [ə'dʒiləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （身手）敏捷： ease and grace in physical activity
A: ♣例  His agility on the parallel bars has won him several medals. 他在双杠上的矫捷身姿助他赢得了数枚奖牌。
A: ♣近  deftness, dexterity, nimbleness, sleight, spryness
A: ♣反  awkwardness, clumsiness, gaucheness, gawkiness, gracelessness, ungainliness （行动）笨拙

Q:agitate  ['ædʒiteit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 煽动，激起： to attempt to arouse public feeling
A: ♣例  agitate for better conditions 为得到更好的工作条件而煽动
A: ♣近  debate, dispute, bat (around or back and forth), hash (over or out), talk over
A: ♠考法2  v. 使不安： to excite and often trouble the mind or feelings of : disturb
A: ♣例  There's no need to agitate the patient about little things. 没必要因为鸡毛蒜皮的事让患者烦躁。
A: ♣近  bother, discomfort, discompose, perturb
A: ♣反  calm, compose, soothe, tranquilize 平息抚慰，淡定

Q:agog  [ə'ɡɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极度感兴趣的： showing urgent desire or interest
A: ♣例  Children were agog over new toys. 孩子们见到了新玩具极其兴奋。
A: ♣近  avid, ardent, enthusiastic, solicitous, voracious
A: ♣反  apathetic, indifferent, uneager, unenthusiastic 漠不关心的，无情的

Q:agonize  ['æɡənaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 折磨，使痛苦： to cause to suffer agony
A: ♣例  She got into more trouble, further agonizing her poor mother. 她惹上了更多的麻烦，进一步加剧了她可怜的母亲所遭受的痛苦。
A: ♣近  bedevil, beset, besiege, curse, excruciate, harrow, persecute, plague, rack, torment, torture
A: ♣反  comfort, console, solace, soothe 安抚，安慰
A: ♠考法2  vi. 感到痛苦： to suffer agony, torture, or anguish
A: ♣例  She agonized for days over the moral issues involved. 一连几天她都为被卷入的道德纠纷而感到痛苦。
A: ♣近  anguish, bleed, hurt, mourn, sorrow, suffer
A: ♣反  cheer, crow, delight, exult, joy, rejoice 感到高兴

Q:agreeable  [ə'ɡri:əbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人愉悦的： pleasing to the mind or senses especially as according well with one's tastes or needs
A: ♣例  Would you mind putting on some agreeable music for dinner ? 你介意为晚饭放一些令人愉快的音乐吗？‖the agreeable melancholy resulting from a sense of the transitoriness of natural beauty 因为感慨自然之美稍纵即逝而产生的令人愉悦的忧伤
A: ♣近  congenial, delectable, delicious, delightful, dulcet, enjoyable, felicitous, gratifying, heavenly, palatable, pleasing, satisfying, savory
A: ♣反  abhorrent, abominable, disagreeable, disgusting, loathsome, nauseating, repellent, repugnant, repulsive, revolting 令人厌恶的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 随和的： having an easygoing and pleasing manner especially in social situations
A: ♣例  I have an agreeable art teacher who lets me do pretty much whatever I want. 我的艺术老师性格非常好，总是允许我去做我想做的事情。
A: ♣近  affable, genial, good-natured, good-tempered, gracious, mellow, nice, pleasant, sweet, well-disposed
A: ♣反  choleric, dyspeptic, fussy, grouchy, irascible, irritable, peevish, touchy 脾气不好的，易怒的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 相一致的： being in harmony
A: ♣例  These new security measures

Q:airtight  ['εətait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无瑕疵的： having no noticeable weakness, flaw, or loophole
A: ♣例  an airtight argument 滴水不漏、无懈可击的论断
A: ♠考法2  adj. 密封的，不透气的：impermeable to air or nearly so
A: ♣例  an airtight seal 不透气的封口

Q:alacrity  [ə'lækrəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 反应迅速，乐意： promptness in response : cheerful readiness
A: ♣例  accepted the invitation with alacrity 欣喜地接受了邀请
A: ♣近  amenability, gameness, obligingness, willingness
A: ♣反  dilatoriness, hesitance and reluctance 拖延，犹豫和不情愿

Q:alibi  ['ælibai]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不在场的证明；托辞，借口： an excuse usually intended to avert blame or punishment (as for failure or negligence)
A: ♣例  He always has a very creative alibi for undone homework. 他对于不完成作业总是有各种新奇的借口。
A: ♣近  defense, justification, plea, reason

Q:alienate  ['eiljəneit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使…疏远： to make unfriendly, hostile, or indifferent especially where attachment formerly existed
A: ♣例  His heartless treatment of their mother during the divorce proceeding has completely alienated the two children. 他在离婚过程中对妻子表现出来的残酷，已经彻底地让两个孩子与他疏远起来。
A: ♣近  alien, disaffect, disgruntle, sour
A: ♣反  reconcile 使…重归于好
A: ♠考法2  vt. 转让，让渡： to convey or transfer (as property or a right) usually by a specific act rather than the due course of law
A: ♣例  A landowner has a right to alienate his right of ownership - in other words, he can sell the land if he wants to. 地主拥有转让所有权的权力——也就是说如果愿意，他可以出售他的土地。
A: ♣近  assign, cede, convey, deed, make over
A: ♣反  expropriate 接纳他人财产
A: ♣派  unalienable adj. 不可予夺的，不可转让的

Q:align  [ə'lain]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 排成一行： to bring into line or alignment
A: ♣例  align the cars with the curb 使车与路缘对齐
A: ♣反  askew, awry, warped 歪斜的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 调准，校准： to adjust to produce a proper relationship or orientation
A: ♣例  align the wheels of the truck 调整卡车的轮子
A: ♣反  improperly adjusted, irregular 调整不当的，不规则的

Q:allay  [ə'lei]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 减轻： to subdue or reduce in intensity or severity, alleviate
A: ♣例  allay one’s fears or doubts 减轻某人的恐惧或怀疑
A: ♣近  assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe
A: ♣反  excite, aggravate, foment, increase the intensity of, exacerbate 激起，加重

Q:allegiance  [ə'li:dʒəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 忠诚： devotion or loyalty to a person, group, or cause
A: ♣例  They swore their allegiance to the USA. 他们宣誓效忠美国。
A: ♣近  commitment, dedication, piety, faithfulness, steadfastness
A: ♣反  inconstancy, infidelity, perfidiousness, treachery

Q:alleviate  [ə'li:vieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 缓和，减轻： relieve, lessen
A: ♣例  alleviate pain/suffering 减轻痛苦
A: ♣近  ease, assuage, mitigate, mollify, palliate, soothe
A: ♣反  exacerbate 加剧

Q:alloy  ['ælɔi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 合金，混合物： a distinct entity formed by the combining of two or more different things
A: ♣例  Brass is an alloy, consisting of copper and zinc. 黄铜是一种由铜和锌组成的合金。‖Television news has always been an alloy of journalism and show business. 电视新闻一直以来都是新闻界和演艺圈的混合体。
A: ♣近  admixture, amalgam, cocktail, composite, compound, fusion, intermixture, mix, mixture, synthesis
A: ♣反  element （构成整体的）单个元素
A: ♠考法2  vt. 掺杂，降低纯度： to debase by the addition of an inferior element
A: ♣例  idealism that was alloyed with political skill 因为掺入了政治技能而被削弱理想主义
A: ♣近  adulterate, contaminate, dilute, extend, lace, pollute, sophisticate, thin
A: ♣反  purify 纯化
A: ♣派  unalloyed adj. 纯粹的，未掺杂的

Q:allude  [ə'lju:d]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 间接提到： to convey an idea indirectly
A: ♣例  He also alluded to his rival's past marital troubles. 他间接提到了对手过去的婚姻问题。
A: ♣近  imply, indicate, infer, insinuate, intimate, suggest

Q:allure  [ə'ljuə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 吸引： to attract or delight as if by magic
A: ♣近  entice, seduce, solicit, tempt, captivate, enchant, lead on
A: ♣派  alluring 诱惑的，有吸引力的
A: ♣例  an alluring smile 迷人的微笑
A: ♣反  unattractive 无吸引力的
A: ♠考法2  v. 诱惑做某事： to lead away from a usual or proper course by offering some pleasure or advantage
A: ♣例  allured by the promise of big bucks, he decided to have a go at a job on the trading floor of the stock market 被赚大钱的许诺所引诱，他决定投身股票市场工作
A: ♣近  bait, beguile, decoy, entice, seduce, lead on

Q:ally  ['ælai]
A: ♠考法1  n.盟友，支持者：one in helpful association with another
A: ♣例  enter the war as an ally of America 以美国的同盟者身份加入战争
A: ♣近  supporter, confederate, sympathizer
A: ♣反  adversary, rival 对手
A: ♠考法2  v. 加入联盟：to enter into an alliance
A: ♣例  several tribes allied to fend off the invaders 几个部落联合起来抵抗侵略者
A: ♣反  disband 解散

Q:aloft  [ə'lɔft]
A: ♠考法1  adv. 在空中：in the air especially : in flight (as in an airplane)
A: ♣例  The balloon stayed aloft for days 气球在空中停留了很多天。
A: ♣近  overhead
A: ♣反  grounded 着陆地

Q:aloof  [ə'lu:f]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 孤高的，不合群的：removed or distant either physically or emotionally
A: ♣例  an aloof church 一座孤零零的教堂； stood apart with aloof dignity 带着超然的尊严站在一旁
A: ♣近  detached, offish, unsociable, withdrawn, standoffish
A: ♣反  sociable 好社交的

Q:altruism  ['æltruizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 利他主义：unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others
A: ♣例  Ambition that is masked as altruism. 在利他主义掩盖下的野心。
A: ♣反  egoism利己主义
A: ♣派  altruistic adj.利他的
A: ♣反  egotistic, self-centered, self-concerned, selfish 自私的

Q:amalgamate  [ə'mælɡəmeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 合并，混合：to combine into a unified or integrated whole; unite
A: ♣例  to amalgamate with an American company 与一家美国公司合并
A: ♣近  mix, fuse, intermix, compound, meld, comingle, integrate, intermingle
A: ♣反  separate, isolate分开，隔离

Q:ambiguous  [æm'biɡjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj.有多种理解方式的；不确定的：open to more than one interpretation；doubtful or uncertain
A: ♣例  Students have ambiguous feelings about their role in the world. 学生们为他们在世界中的角色感到迷茫。Frustrated by ambiguous instructions因为不明确的指示而受挫
A: ♣近  doubtful, equivocal, unclear, uncertain
A: ♣反  distinct, pellucid, patent, blatant, explicit, lucid, perspicuous 清楚的，明显的

Q:ambivalent  [,æmbi'veilənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （尤指感情、态度）矛盾的： having a mixture of opposing feelings
A: ♣例  He maintained an ambivalent attitude to religion throughout his life. 他一生都对宗教抱有矛盾的心态。
A: ♣近  conflicting, contradictory, mixed
A: ♣反  certain, decided, definite, positive, resolute, sure, unquestioning 明确的，毫无疑问的
A: ♣派  ambivalence n. 矛盾心理

Q:amble  ['æmbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. / n. 漫步，闲逛：to walk slowly or leisurely; stroll
A: ♣例  Every evening, they ambled along the bank. 他们每晚沿河边散步。
A: ♣近  ramble, saunter, stroll, wander, dally, dawdle
A: ♣反  step quickly 快走

Q:ambrosial  [æm'brəuzjəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （食物或者气味）特别美味的：something extremely pleasing to taste or smell
A: ♣例  The ambrosial aroma of the roast stimulated our appetites. 烤肉的美味香气刺激了我们的食欲。
A: ♣近  savory, aromal, aromatic, perfumed, redolent, odorous
A: ♣反  fetid, noisome, stenchy, malodorous, rancid 恶臭的

Q:ameliorate  [ə'mi:ljəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 改善，改进：to make or become better; improve
A: ♣例  to ameliorate the suffering of people who have lost their jobs 改善失业人员的痛苦
A: ♣近  improve, convalesce, recuperate
A: ♣反  aggravate, worsen, deteriorate恶化
A: ♣派  ameliorator n. 改良物
A: ♣反  damper n. 抑制因素

Q:amenable  [ə'mi:nəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顺从的，服从的：readily brought to yield, submit, or cooperate
A: ♣例  a high-spirited and rebellious girl not at all amenable to persuasion. 一个泼辣而反叛的女孩根本不听从劝告。
A: ♣近  compliant, docile, submissive, tractable, obedient
A: ♣反  intransigent, contumacious不妥协的；intractable, recalcitrant, refractory 倔强的；uncontrollable, ungovernable, unruly 难管束的

Q:amenity  [ə'mi:nəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （环境，设备等的）舒适，人性化：something that conduces to comfort, convenience, or enjoyment
A: ♣例  the amenity of the new surroundings 新环境的宜人之处
A: ♣近  comfort, convenience, affability
A: ♠考法2  n. 融洽，和谐：the quality of being pleasant or agreeable
A: ♣例  a discussion conducted in perfect amenity 在和谐融洽的气氛中进行的讨论
A: ♣近  agreeability, cordiality, harmony, accord, concord, consonance
A: ♣反  discordance, inharmony 不和谐

Q:amiable  ['eimjəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 好脾气的，友好易相处的：being friendly, sociable, and congenial
A: ♣例  an amiable teacher not easily annoyed 一个不易惹恼易相处的老师
A: ♣近  friendly, affable, amicable, genial, easy to get along with
A: ♣反  disagreeable, ill-natured, ill-tempered, unamiable, ungenial, ungracious, unpleasant 坏脾气的，令人不愉快的

Q:amicable  ['æmikəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 友善的：characterized by friendly goodwill; amiable
A: ♣例  maintain amicable relations 保持友好关系；an amicable divorce 和平离婚
A: ♣近  friendly, affable, amicable, genial, easy to get along with
A: ♣反  antagonistic, hostile, unfriendly有敌意的

Q:amity  ['æməti]
A: ♠考法1  n.友好, 亲善和睦关系：friendship; especially: friendly relations between nations
A: ♣例  live in amity with his neighbors 与邻居和谐相处；They parted in amity. 他们很友好地分别了。
A: ♣近  friendship
A: ♣反  enmity, hostility敌意

Q:amorphous  [ə'mɔ:fəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无固定形状的having no definite form: shapeless
A: ♣例  an amorphous cloud mass 一团无定形的云
A: ♣近  shapeless, unformed, unshaped
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不可归类的being without definite character or nature : unclassifiable
A: ♣例  an amorphous segment of society 不可归类的社会阶段
A: ♣近  unclassifiable

Q:anachronistic  [ə,nækrə'nistik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 时代错误的： chronologically misplaced
A: ♣例  Despite the occasional anachronistic word or concept, he has a good feel for the period. 尽管有时会犯一些词汇和概念上的时代性错误，但他对于那个时代的整体把握还是不错的。
A: ♣近  anachronic,anachronous
A: ♣反  accurate 准确的

Q:analgesic  [,ænæl'dʒi:sik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 镇痛剂：a medication that reduces or eliminates pain
A: ♣例  Aspirin is a kind of analgesic. 阿司匹林是一种止痛剂。
A: ♣同 anesthetic, anodyne

Q:analogous  [ə'næləɡəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 相似的，可比较的： having qualities in common
A: ♣例  Bad-mouthing your sister is analogous to slapping her in the face - it's just as bad. 说你姐姐的坏话和当面扇她耳光是类似的——它们都是不好的行为。
A: ♣近  akin, cognate, comparable, connate, corresponding, matching, parallel, resembling, similar, suchlike
A: ♣反  different, disparate, dissimilar, diverse, unlike 不同的，不相似的

Q:anarchist  ['ænəkist]
A: ♠考法1  n. 反抗权威的人：a person who rebels against any authority, established order, or ruling power
A: ♣同 rebel, insurgent
A: ♣派  anarchy n. 混乱 ：a state of lawlessness or political disorder due to the absence of governmental authority
A: ♣近  chaos, disarray, topsy-turviness, commotion, turmoil
A: ♣反  order 有序

Q:anathema  [ə'næθəmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 诅咒：a ban or curse solemnly pronounced by ecclesiastical authority and accompanied by excommunication
A: ♣近  curse, execration, imprecation, malediction
A: ♣反  benediction, benison, blessing 祝福

Q:ancillary  [æn'siləri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 次要的：of secondary importance
A: ♣例  The company hopes to boost its sales through ancillary products. 公司想通过辅助产品来增加销量。
A: ♣近  subordinate, subsidiary
A: ♣反  main 主要的；paramount 最主要的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 辅助的，补充的 : auxiliary, supplementary
A: ♣例  the need for ancillary evidence 对补充证据的需要
A: ♣例  Some practice in the deft use of words may well be ancillary to the study of natural science. 熟练使用文字的练习对于自然科学的研究也是有帮助的。
A: ♣近  auxiliary, supplementary

Q:anecdote  ['ænikdəut]
A: ♠考法1  n. 短小有趣的故事：a usually short narrative of an interesting, amusing, or biographical incident
A: ♣例  He told us all sorts of humorous anecdotes about his childhood. 他告诉了我们所有关于他童年的奇闻趣事。
A: ♣例  He is a master raconteur with endless anecdotes. 他是讲故事的超级高手，总有讲不完的奇闻趣事。

Q:anemic  [ə'ni:mik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏力量、活力、精神的：lacking force, vitality, or spirit
A: ♣例  an anemic economic recovery. 毫无活力的经济复苏
A: ♣例  Investors are worried about the stock's anemic performance. 投资者担心股市低迷的表现。
A: ♣近  sapless, infirm, feeble, decrepit, wan, pale, pallid, effete, lethargic
A: ♣反  vigorous, spirited 精力充沛的；forceful有力量的

Q:anesthetic  [,ænis'θetik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 止痛剂 : something (as a drug) that relieves pain
A: ♣例  The dentist waited until the anesthetic took effect. 牙医等止痛药生效。
A: ♣近  analgesic, anodyne
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无感觉的，麻木的：lacking awareness or sensitivity
A: ♣例  be anesthetic to their feelings 对他们的感受麻木不仁
A: ♣反  sensate有感觉的

Q:animate  ['ænimeit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 活的：having or showing life
A: ♣例  The lecture was about ancient worship of animate and inanimate objects. 演讲是关于对生命体和非生命体的古代崇拜。
A: ♣近  breathing, live, living
A: ♣反  dead, expired, deceased, lifeless, nonliving 无生命的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有活力的：having much high-spirited energy and movement
A: ♣例  Animate dance will get the blood pumping. 有活力的舞蹈会让人热血沸腾。
A: ♣近  bouncing, brisk, energetic, sprightly, vivacious
A: ♣反  inactive, lackadaisical, languid, listless, leaden 没有活力的，无精打采的
A: ♠考法3  v. 使有活力，支持：to give spirit and support to
A: ♣例  The writer's humor animates the novel. 作者的幽默使小说富有生命力。
A: ♣近  brace, energize, enliven, invigorate, ginger (up), pep up, vitalize 使有活力
A: ♣反  damp, dampen, deaden使没活力
A: ♣派  animation 生命力，活力：the quality or condition of being alive, active, spirited, or vigorous.
A: ♣反  lassitude, lethargy疲倦,疲乏
A: ♠考法4  v. 使行动，驱使：to move to action
A: ♣例  a criminal animated by greed 一个受贪婪驱使的罪犯
A: ♣近  goad, prod, spur, galvanize, stimulate
A: ♠考法5  v. 使活灵活现，使栩栩如生：to make or design in such a way as to create apparently spontaneous lifelike movement
A: ♣例

Q:animus  ['æniməs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 敌意：a usually prejudiced and often spiteful or malevolent ill will, enmity
A: ♣例  She felt no animus toward those who had wronged her. 她对那些冤枉了她的人没有敌意。
A: ♣近  animosity, antagonism, antipathy, hostility, rancor
A: ♣反  friendliness, amity, amenity 友好

Q:annex  [ə'neks]
A: ♠考法1  n. 裙楼，副楼： a building added on to a larger one or an auxiliary building situated near a main one
A: ♣例  The new annex that will serve as the permanent home for the school library. 新的裙楼将成为学校图书馆的永久住所。
A: ♣近  addition, extension, penthouse
A: ♠考法2  vt. 添加，合并： to join (something) to a mass, quantity, or number so as to bring about an overall increase
A: ♣例  plans to annex the supply room so as to make the classroom bigger 计划将工具房并入教室，从而扩充其容量
A: ♣近  adjoin, affix, append, attach, subjoin, tack
A: ♣反  abate, deduct, remove, subtract 削减
A: ♠考法3  vt. 吞并，夺取（土地等）： to incorporate (a country or other territory) within the domain of a state
A: ♣例  Rome annexed the Nabatean kingdom in 106 AD. 公元前106年罗马帝国吞并了古城那巴顿。
A: ♣近  acquire, appropriate, arrogate, expropriate, seize, take over
A: ♣反  lose 失去

Q:annotate  ['ænəuteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 做注解： to furnish (a literary work) with critical commentary or explanatory notes
A: ♣例  The advent of e-books enables user to freely annotate what they are reading without worrying about being fined by libraries. 电子书的出现使得用户可以在不用担心被图书馆处以罚金的情况下自由地在读物上作注。
A: ♣近  commentate, footnote, gloss
A: ♣派  annotation n. 注解，注释

Q:annoy  [ə'nɔi]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 不断烦扰：to disturb or irritate especially by repeated acts
A: ♣例  Mosquitoes annoy us in the summer. 夏天蚊子总是不断烦扰我们。
A: ♣例  The sound of footsteps on the bare floor annoyed the downstairs neighbors. 楼上地板的脚步声吵得楼下住户心烦。
A: ♣近  aggravate, bother, chafe, gall, grate, irk, nettle, peeve, pique, rile, ruffle, spite, vex
A: ♣反  soothe, defuse, allay, conciliate, propitiate, mitigate, assuage, appease, pacify, placate, calm, settle, subdue, solace, mollify 平息，抚慰

Q:annul  [ə'nʌl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 宣告无效，取消：to declare or make legally invalid or void
A: ♣例  The marriage was annulled last month. 婚约上个月取消了。
A: ♣近  disannul, cancel, invalidate, abrogate, nullify, repeal, rescind
A: ♣反  make legal使合法；enact 制定
A: ♠考法2  v. 抵消 to balance with an equal force so as to make ineffective
A: ♣例  Unfortunately, his arrogant attitude annuls the many generous favors he does for people. 不幸的是，他傲慢的态度抵消了他之前对人民的慷慨恩惠。
A: ♣近  counterbalance, neutralize

Q:anomalous  [ə'nɔmələs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不普通的，不平常的 being out of the ordinary
A: ♣例  He is in an anomalous position as the only part-time teacher in XDF. 他和别人不一样的是，他是XDF唯一的兼职老师。
A: ♣近  aberrant, abnormal, atypical, phenomenal, singular, uncustomary, unwonted
A: ♣反  unexceptional, unextraordinary 普通的，平常的
A: ♣派  anomaly n. 反常 deviation or departure from the normal or common order, form, or rule.
A: ♠考法2  adj. 反常的，不正常的departing from some accepted standard of what is normal
A: ♣例  an anomalous burst of anger from this usually easygoing person 一个随和的人的一反常态的暴怒
A: ♣反  natural 自然的；standard 标准的

Q:anonymous  [ə'nɔniməs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 匿名的：not named or identified
A: ♣例  He made an anonymous phone call to the police. 他给警察打了一个匿名电话。
A: ♣例  The donor wishes to remain anonymous. 捐赠者希望保持匿名身份。
A: ♣近  incognito, innominate, unnamed, unidentified, untitled
A: ♣反  dubbed, named, termed 有名字的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无特色的 lacking individuality, distinction, or recognizability
A: ♣例  the anonymous faces in the crowd大众脸

Q:antagonize  [æn'tæɡənaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 敌对,反对：to act in opposition to : counteract
A: ♣例  He did not mean to antagonize you. 他并没有要反对你。
A: ♣例  antagonize a bill 反对一项议案
A: ♣近  counteract, disagree
A: ♣反  agree, concede, grant 同意；win over 使某人同意
A: ♠考法2  vt. 激起敌意：to incur or provoke the hostility of
A: ♣例  His remark antagonized his friends. 他的评述激怒了他的朋友。
A: ♣近  aggravate, exasperate, gall, inflame, nettle, provoke, peeve, pique, irritate, rile, roil, chafe, grate, ruffle,vex
A: ♣反  soothe, defuse, allay, conciliate, propitiate, mitigate, assuage, appease, pacify, placate, calm, settle, subdue, solace, mollify 平息，抚慰

Q:antedate  [,ænti'deit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 比…早，早于： to be of an earlier date than
A: ♣例  The church antedates the village itself. 这座教堂甚至在村庄之前就存在了。‖Dinosaurs antedate cavemen by millions of years. 恐龙比穴居人要早几百万年出现。
A: ♣近  antecede, forego, predate, preexist
A: ♣反  follow, postdate, succeed 晚于

Q:antediluvian  [,æntidi'lu:viən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常古老的，过时的：extremely old and antiquated
A: ♣例  He has antediluvian notions about the role of women in the workplace. 他对职场女性抱有老掉牙的看法。
A: ♣例  an antediluvian automobile 古董级的汽车
A: ♣近  aged, age-old, prehistoric, antique, aged, immemorial
A: ♣反  modern, new, recent 新的
A: ♠考法2  n. 保守的人：a person with old-fashioned ideas
A: ♣例  an antediluvian who thought a woman without talent is virtuous 一个认为“女子无才便是德”的保守的人
A: ♣近  reactionary
A: ♣反  modern, trendy 潮人

Q:anterior  [æn'tiəriə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 前面的：coming before in time or development
A: ♣例  finish the work anterior to the schedule 提早完成任务
A: ♣例  tests anterior to the college entrance examination 高考前的考试
A: ♣近  antecedent, foregoing, former, forward, precedent, preceding, prior
A: ♣反  after, ensuing, following, posterior, subsequent, succeeding 后面的，后来的

Q:antic  ['æntik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 滑稽可笑的：characterized by clownish extravagance or absurdity
A: ♣例  The clown came on with many antic gestures. 小丑上场表演许多滑稽动作。
A: ♣近  chucklesome, comedic, comic, droll, farcical, laughable, ludicrous, hilarious
A: ♣反  humorless, unamusing, uncomic, unfunny, unhumorous 不好笑的grave 庄重的；serious, solemn, somber 严肃的

Q:antipathy  [æn'tipəθi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 厌恶，反感： settled aversion or dislike
A: ♣例  I feel no antipathy towards any of my opponents in the tournament. 我对锦标赛中碰到的任何对手都不存在反感。
A: ♣近  animosity, animus, antagonism, bitterness, enmity, gall, grudge, hostility, jaundice, rancor
A: ♣反  amity 友好，和睦；liking, partiality, predilection, prepossession 偏爱，喜爱
A: ♠考法2  n. 令人反感的事物： an object of aversion
A: ♣例  Cruelty to animals is one of my most deeply felt antipathies. 虐待动物是最让我反感的行为之一。
A: ♣近  abhorrence, abomination, anathema, aversion, detestation, execration
A: ♣反  beloved, darling, dear, love 令人喜爱的人或事物

Q:antiquated  ['æntikweitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 古老的，过时的： outmoded or discredited by reason of age: being out of style or fashion
A: ♣例  We saw an antiquated hand-cranked rope-making machine at the textiles museum. 我们在纺织博物馆里看到了一台手摇式古董制绳机。‖antiquated methods of farming 已经过时的耕种技术
A: ♣近  antique, archaic, dated, fossilized, moribund, moth-eaten, obsolete, outdated, outmoded, outworn, prehistoric, rusty
A: ♣反  contemporary, current, modern, recent 当前的，现代的

Q:antithetical  [,ænti'θetik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 完全对立的，相反的： being in direct and unequivocal opposition
A: ♣例  Spiritual ideals seem antithetical to the materialism embraced by modern society. 精神上的理想境界往往同当代社会所推崇的唯物主义相抵触。
A: ♣近  antipodal, antipodean, contradictory, contrary, diametric, opposite, polar
A: ♣反  equivalent, identical, same 完全一致的，相等的

Q:apathy  ['æpəθi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 冷漠，缺乏情感：lack of feeling or emotion
A: ♣例  People have shown surprising apathy toward these important social problems. 人们对于这些重要的社会问题显示出了令人惊讶的冷漠。
A: ♣近  affectlessness, emotionlessness, impassiveness, impassivity, insensibility, numbness, phlegm
A: ♣反  emotion, feeling, sensibility 有感情
A: ♠考法2  n. 缺乏兴趣，不关心：lack of interest or concern
A: ♣例  She heard the story with apathy. 她毫无兴趣的听完了这个故事。
A: ♣例  Her poor grades are proof enough of her apathy concerning all matters academic. 她可怜的分数足以证明他对所有学术问题都没兴趣。
A: ♣近  disinterestedness, disregard, incuriosity, insouciance, nonchalance, unconcern
A: ♣反  concern, interest, regard 关心，有兴趣，在意

Q:aphorism  ['æfərizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 短小有智慧的格言：a short witty sentence which expresses a general truth or comment
A: ♣例  When decorating, remember the familiar aphorism, “less is more.” 装修时需要记住的一句格言是“少即是多”。
A: ♣近  adage, epigram, maxim, proverb

Q:apocalyptic  [ə,pɔkə'liptik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 预言的，启示的：of a revelatory or prophetic nature
A: ♣例  No one listened to her apocalyptic predictions. 没有人听她的预言。
A: ♣近  prophetic, predictive, prognostic, farsighted
A: ♠考法2  adj. 重要的，转折点的 of, relating to, or being a major turning point
A: ♣例  the apocalyptic Battle of Stalingrad leading to the ultimate defeat of Nazi Germany 具有转折点意义的斯大林格勒战役导致了最后纳粹德国的战败
A: ♣反  trivial, petty, minor, immaterial, inconsequential, insignificant 不重要的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 夸大的 wildly unrestrained : grandiose
A: ♣例  apocalyptic tone 夸大的语气

Q:apocryphal  [ə'pɔkrifəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj.假的：of doubtful authenticity : spurious
A: ♣例  an apocryphal story about the president's childhood 一个假的关于总统童年的故事
A: ♣近  spurious, unauthentic, ungenuine
A: ♣反  factual, true, truthful, authentic真的

Q:apoplectic  [,æpəu'plektik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极度愤怒的：extremely angry; furious
A: ♣例  He became apoplectic about wasteful government spending. 他对于政府的浪费开销变得怒不可遏。
A: ♣例  The coach was so apoplectic when the player missed the free throw that he threw his clipboard onto the court. 教练对球员罚篮不进非常气愤以至于把战术板扔到了球场上。
A: ♣近  choleric, enraged, furious, incensed, indignant, infuriated, irate, ireful, outraged
A: ♣反  angerless, delighted, pleased 不生气的，高兴的

Q:apostasy  [ə'pɔstəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 放弃宗教信仰：renunciation of a religious faith
A: ♣例  Some people completely abandon the faith after apostasy. 有些人在放弃自己的宗教信仰后就再也不相信任何其他宗教信仰了。
A: ♠考法2  n. 变节，背叛：abandonment of a previous loyalty : defection
A: ♣例  He was looked down upon for apostasy. 他因为背叛而受到鄙视。
A: ♣近  defection, perfidy, treacherousness, recreancy
A: ♣反  fidelity, allegiance, loyalty, piety 忠诚，虔诚

Q:appall  [ə'pɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使惊恐：to overcome with consternation, shock, or dismay
A: ♣例  He felt appalled by the whole idea of marriage so we broke up. 结婚使他恐惧，因此我们分手了。
A: ♣近  dismay, terrify, intimidate, frighten, horrify, daunt, deter
A: ♣反  embolden, encourage, nerve 使大胆，鼓起勇气

Q:apparition  [,æpə'riʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 鬼魂，幽灵： a ghostly figure
A: ♣例  An eccentric claimed to have photographed an apparition in her very own house. 一个行为怪异的人声称在她的住所里拍到了一张幽灵的照片。
A: ♣近  ghost, phantasm, phantom, shade, shadow, specter, spirit, spook, sprite, vision, visitant, wraith
A: ♣反  entity, substance 实体

Q:appeal  [ə'pi:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. 申请：an application (as to a recognized authority) for corroboration, vindication, or decision
A: ♣例  A piteous appeal for help. 虔诚的请求帮助。
A: ♣例  to make an appeal to the public to donate needed blood 向公众提出献血请求
A: ♣近  adjuration, conjuration, entreaty, petition, pleading, supplication
A: ♠考法1  n. 起诉to charge with a crime : accuse
A: ♣例  My lawyer said the court's decision wasn't correct and that we should file for an appeal. 我的律师说法庭的判决不对我们应该起诉。
A: ♣近  charge, accuse, incriminate, inculpate, indict
A: ♣反  absolve 赦免；exonerate, exculpate 开脱免罪；vindicate 辩护

Q:appealing  [ə'pi:liŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吸引人的 attractive, inviting
A: ♣例  The large salary made Goldman Sachs’s offer more appealing to him. 高薪使高盛的工作对他更有吸引力。
A: ♣近  alluring, captivating, charismatic, charming, enchanting, engaging, entrancing, luring, seductive
A: ♣反  repellent, repelling, repugnant, repulsive, unalluring 令人厌恶的，不吸引人的

Q:applause  [ə'plɔ:z]
A: ♠考法1  n. 鼓掌，认可：approval publicly expressed (as by clapping the hands)
A: ♣例  Her appearance was greeted with applause. 她的表现赢得了认可。
A: ♣近  acclamation, cheer, cheering, ovation, plaudit, rave
A: ♣反  hissing, booing 发出嘘声

Q:applicable  ['æplikəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可用的，可行的： capable of being put to use or account
A: ♣例  Is that Act applicable in this case where suspect is a foreigner? 那条法规适用于这个嫌犯不是本国公民的案件么？
A: ♣近  actionable, applicative, applied, functional, practicable, serviceable, useful, workable
A: ♣反  impractical, inapplicable, unusable, unworkable, useless 不可用的，不可行的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 相关的，有关的： having to do with the matter at hand
A: ♣例  He rarely makes comment that is applicable to our discussion. 他的评论很少和我们讨论的题目搭边。
A: ♣近  apposite, apropos, germane, material, pointed, relative, relevant
A: ♣反  extraneous, immaterial, impertinent, inapposite, irrelevant, pointless 无关的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 合适的，恰当的： meeting the requirements of a purpose or situation
A: ♣例  He has been busy in selecting the most applicable word for his PhD thesis. 他一致忙于为自己的博士论文选择最为恰当词汇。
A: ♣近  appropriate, apt, becoming, befitting, felicitous, fitting, meet, pretty, proper, right, suitable
A: ♣反  improper, inappropriate, inapt, incongruous, malapropos, misbecoming, unbecoming, unfitting, unmeet, unseemly, unsuitable, wrong 不恰当的

Q:apposite  ['æpəuzit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 相关的，合适的highly pertinent or appropriate: apt
A: ♣例  to enrich his essay with some very apposite quotations from famous people 用名人名言来丰富他的文章
A: ♣近  applicable, apropos, germane, pointed, relative, relevant
A: ♣反  extraneous, irrelevant, impertinent, irrelative, pointless 无关的

Q:appreciable  [ə'pri:ʃiəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可感知的,明显的：capable of being perceived or measured; perceptible
A: ♣例  the appreciable changes in temperature 气温明显的变化
A: ♣例  There doesn't seem to be any appreciable difference between this piece and that one. 这个和那个看上去没什么差别。
A: ♣近  apprehensible, perceptible, detectable, discernible, palpable, distinguishable, sensible
A: ♣反  impalpable, imperceptible, inappreciable, indistinguishable, insensible, undetectable 不能感知的

Q:apprehension  [,æpri'henʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 忧虑，恐惧：suspicion or fear especially of future evil
A: ♣例  She had a strong apprehension about her sister's health 她非常担心她姐姐的健康。
A: ♣近  dread, foreboding, misgiving, anxiousness, unease, uneasiness, worry
A: ♣反  composure, equanimity 镇定；unconcern 冷漠
A: ♠考法2  n. 逮捕：seizure by legal process : arrestment
A: ♣例  apprehension of the thief 逮捕小偷
A: ♣近  arrest
A: ♣反  discharge 释放
A: ♠考法3  n. 理解：the knowledge gained from the process of coming to know or understand something
A: ♣例  a good apprehension of how computer systems work 对计算机是如何工作的有很好的理解
A: ♣近  understanding, comprehension
A: ♣反  incomprehension

Q:apprehensive  [,æpri'hensiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 知晓的，理解的： having specified facts or feelings actively impressed on the mind
A: ♣例  I am fully apprehensive of the options, I assure you. 我向你保证这些观点我都理解了。
A: ♣近  alive, aware, cognizant, mindful, sensible, sentient, ware, witting
A: ♣反  ignorant, insensible, oblivious, unaware, unconscious, unmindful, unwitting 不知晓的，无知觉的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 恐惧的，害怕的： anxious or fearful about the future
A: ♣例  People apparently haven’t recovered from the devastating terrorist attack and are still terribly apprehensive about the future. 人们显然没有从那场严重的恐怖袭击中恢复过来，对于未来仍然充满了恐惧。
A: ♣近  afraid, aghast, fearful, frightened, horrified, hysterical, scared, shocked, terrified
A: ♣反  dauntless, fearless, intrepid, unafraid 无所畏惧的；confident 充满自信的
A: ♣派  apprehension n. 理解；忧虑，恐惧

Q:apprise  [ə'praiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 通知，告知：to give notice to; inform
A: ♣例  apprise him of the danger that may be involved 告知他可能涉及的危险
A: ♣近  inform, acquaint, make known to
A: ♣反  withhold information 隐瞒信息

Q:approbation  [,æprəu'beiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 同意：an expression of warm approval
A: ♣例  The proposal met his approbation. 这项建议得到了他的同意。
A: ♣近  approval, favor
A: ♣反  disapproval, disapprobation, disfavor不同意

Q:appropriate  [ə'prəuprieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 私自挪用to take possession of or make use of exclusively for oneself, often without permission
A: ♣例  to appropriate private property 盗用私人财产
A: ♣例  The economy has been weakened by corrupt officials who have appropriated the country's resources for their own use. 经济因为腐败的官员们私自挪用国家资源而被削弱了。
A: ♣近  purloin, pirate, embezzle, peculate, usurp
A: ♠考法2  adj. 适当的：especially suitable or compatible: fitting
A: ♣例  Red wine is a more appropriate choice with the meal. 红酒更适合这顿饭。
A: ♣例  I don't think jeans and a T-shirt are appropriate attire for a wedding. 我觉得穿牛仔和T恤去婚礼不太得体。
A: ♣近  apt, becoming, felicitous, fitting, proper, meet, suitable, apposite, apropos
A: ♣反  improper, inapposite, inappropriate, inapt, unmeet, unseemly, unsuitable 不合适的

Q:apropos  ['æprəpəu]
A: ♠考法1  adj.相关的：being both relevant and opportune
A: ♣例  The actor announced to reporters that he would only answer to apropos questions about the movie. 演员向记者表示，他只回答那些和电影有关的问题。
A: ♣近  appliacable, apropos, germane, pointed, relative, relevant
A: ♣反  extraneous, irrelevant, impertinent, irrelative, pointless 无关的
A: ♠考法2  prep. 关于，有关：having to do with
A: ♣例  to make a number of telling observations apropos the current political situation 做了很多关于当前政治形势有力的观察
A: ♣近  apropos, apropos of, as far as, as for, as regards (also as respects), as to, concerning, of, on, regarding, respecting, touching, toward (or towards)

Q:apt  [æpt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恰当的,合适的：exactly suitable; appropriate
A: ♣例  apt remark/ choice/ description 恰当的评述、选择、描述
A: ♣近  apropos, germane, relative, relevant, appropirate
A: ♣反  extraneous, irrelevant, impertinent, irrelative无关的；inappropriate, improper, unseemly 不恰当的，不合时宜的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有…倾向的，可能的：having a tendency : likely
A: ♣例  He is apt to fly out in rage. 他容易发脾气。
A: ♣近  likely, inclined, tending, given
A: ♣反  unlikely 不可能的；disinclined 没有…倾向的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 聪明的keenly intelligent and responsive
A: ♣例  an apt pupil 一个聪明的小学生
A: ♣例  He is apt at mathematics. 他擅长数学。
A: ♣近  brilliant, clever, quick-witted, ready-witted, smart
A: ♣反  foolish, dull, dumb, stupid, unintelligent 傻的

Q:arable  ['ærəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 适合耕种的： fit for or used for the growing of crops
A: ♣例  explore the west for arable land 向西探索适合耕种的土地
A: ♣近  cultivable, tillable
A: ♣反  barren, sterile, infertile, unfruitful, unproductive 贫瘠的

Q:arbitrary  ['ɑ:bitrəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 专横的，独断专行的： having or showing a tendency to force one's will on others without any regard to fairness or necessity
A: ♣例  an arbitrary piano teacher who makes all her students do the same exercises over and over again 一个让学生反复练习同一首曲子的专横的老师
A: ♣近  dictatorial, imperious, peremptory, willful
A: ♠考法2  adj. 独裁的，拥有无限权力的： exercising power or authority without interference by others
A: ♣例  a nation with no tradition of democracy, only a long history of arbitrary rulers 一个从来没有民主的传统，只有长期的独裁统治的国家
A: ♣近  autocratic, czarist, despotic, monocratic, tyrannic, tyrannous
A: ♣反  limited （权力）受限的；democratic 民主的；republican 共和的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 缺乏计划的，随意的： lacking a definite plan, purpose, or pattern
A: ♣例  The order of the names of the 10 semifinalists is entirely arbitrary. 半决赛上十名上场选手的顺序完全是随机的。
A: ♣近  aimless, desultory, erratic, haphazard, scattered, slapdash, stray, willy-nilly
A: ♣反  methodical, orderly, organized, regular, systematic, systematized 有序的，有组织的

Q:arcane  [ɑ:'kein]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （语言）晦涩的，隐晦的： having an often intentionally veiled or uncertain meaning
A: ♣例  The rebate form uses arcane language, the only purpose of which seems to be to disqualify buyers from actually getting a rebate. 折扣单上的条文晦涩难懂，这样做的唯一目的也许就是让消费者不能真正地享受到折扣。
A: ♣近  ambiguous, dark, elliptical, equivocal, murky, mysterious, mystic, nebulous, occult, opaque
A: ♣反  accessible, clear, obvious, plain, unambiguous, unequivocal 清晰明了的，明确的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 深奥的，难以理解的： difficult for one of ordinary knowledge or intelligence to understand
A: ♣例  Grammatical rules seem extremely arcane to generations of students who were never taught grammar in the first place. 对那些从未学习过语法的几代学生来说，语法规则犹如天书。
A: ♣近  abstruse, cryptic, deep, enigmatic, esoteric, hermetic, impenetrable, inscrutable, recondite, uncanny
A: ♣反  easy, facile, shallow, simple, superficial 浅显易懂的

Q:archaic  [ɑ:'keiik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过时的，久远的：no longer current or applicable; antiquated
A: ♣例  archaic laws 过时的法律
A: ♣近  antiquated, outdated, outmoded, prehistoric, superannuated
A: ♣反  fashionable 流行的；up-to-date, fresh, modern, new, novel 新的
A: ♣派  archaism 古语：the use of archaic diction or style
A: ♣反  modern diction 新语

Q:archetype  ['ɑ:kitaip]
A: ♠考法1  n.典范，榜样：an ideal example of a type
A: ♣例  an archetype of the successful entrepreneur 成功企业家的典范
A: ♣近  ideal, a perfect example, quintessence
A: ♠考法2  n.先驱，鼻祖：something belonging to an earlier time from which something else was later developed
A: ♣例  The abacus is sometimes cited as the archetype of the modern digital calculator 算盘是现代计算器的鼻祖
A: ♣近  antecedent, foregoer, forerunner, precursor, predecessor, prototype
A: ♠考法3  n. 原型：something from which copies are made
A: ♣例  “‘Frankenstein’... ‘Dracula’... ‘Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde’... the archetypes that have influenced all subsequent horror stories”(New York Times) “‘弗兰肯斯坦’…‘德秋拉’…‘杰基尔博士和海德先生’影响了所有继之而来的恐怖故事的原型”(纽约时报)
A: ♣近  archetype, prototype

Q:ardor  ['ɑ:də]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狂热：strong enthusiasm or devotion; zeal
A: ♣例  His ardor was damped. 他的热情被泼了冷水。
A: ♣近  avidity, zeal, fervor, fervency, fervidness, passion, passionateness, vehemence
A: ♣反  apathy, torpor, impassivity, insensitivity 冷漠，麻木

Q:arduous  ['ɑ:djuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难以做到，费劲的：hard to accomplish or achieve: difficult
A: ♣例  a long and arduous undertaking 一项长期艰苦的任务
A: ♣例  an arduous journey across miles of desert 艰苦的沙漠之旅
A: ♣近  grueling, laborious, taxing, onerous, burdensome
A: ♣反  easy, simple, unchallenging, undemanding, facile, effortless不费劲的

Q:argot  ['ɑ:ɡəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 隐语，黑话，行话：a specialized vocabulary or set of idioms used by a particular group
A: ♣例  groups communicating in their own secret argots 用他们秘密的行话交流的团体
A: ♣近  argot, cant, jargon, shoptalk
A: ♣反  standard language 标准的语言；common verbalism大众的言语

Q:argument  ['ɑ:ɡjumənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 争吵，争论： an often noisy or angry expression of differing opinions
A: ♣例  The couple’s arguments were often loud enough to be heard all over the neighborhood. 这对夫妻吵架的声音往往大到能被邻居听见。
A: ♣近  altercation, controversy, disagreement, dispute, hassle, imbroglio, quarrel, squabble, tiff, wrangle
A: ♠考法2  n. （逻辑上的）论证： a coherent series of statements leading from a premise to a conclusion
A: ♣例  In his argument the author committed several logical fallacies which undermined its soundness. 在作者的论述中出现了若干逻辑谬误，从而降低了它论证的力度。
A: ♣近  account, accounting, argumentation, case, explanation, rationale, reasoning
A: ♠考法3  n. 观点，论点： an idea or opinion that is put forth in a discussion or debate
A: ♣例  It is and will always be my argument that we have too many problems here on earth to concern ourselves with manned trips to Mars. 我现在和以后的观点都将会是：在我们解决地球上的问题之前，不应该花太多的心思考虑载人火星计划的事情。
A: ♣近  assertion, point, position, stand, thesis

Q:arid  ['ærid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 干燥的： marked by little or no precipitation or humidity
A: ♣例  arid wastelands unfit for human habitation 不适合人类居住的干燥荒原
A: ♣近  droughty, dry, sere, thirsty, waterless
A: ♣反  damp, dank, humid, moist, wet 湿润的，潮湿的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无趣的，无聊的： causing weariness, restlessness, or lack of interest
A: ♣例  arid wastelands unfit for human habitation 不适合人类居住的干燥荒原
A: ♣近  dreary, dull, flat, humdrum, jading, jejune, monochromatic, monotonous, pedestrian, stale, stodgy, tedious, wearisome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 有趣的，吸引人的

Q:array  [ə'rei]
A: ♠考法1  n. 排列，阵列： a regular and imposing grouping or arrangement
A: ♣例  a marching band’s carefully choreographed array 前进中的乐队所摆出的经过复杂编排的方针
A: ♣近  arrangement, disposal, disposition, distribution, ordering, sequence, setup
A: ♣反  disorder, disorganization 混乱，无序
A: ♠考法2  vt. 排列，摆放： to arrange or display in or as if in an array
A: ♣例  data arrayed in descending order 按照降序排列的数据‖arrayed his baseball cards in order of their rarity and consequent monetary value 把他的棒球卡按照稀有程度——也即价值排列
A: ♣近  arrange, classify, codify, dispose, marshal, organize, range, systematize, draw up, lay out
A: ♣反  derange, disarrange, disarray, disorder, mess, rumple, upset 弄乱，打乱
A: ♠考法3  vt. 装饰，装修： to dress or decorate especially in splendid or impressive attire
A: ♣例  He had already arrayed himself in his best clothes. 他已经穿上了他最好的服装。‖a door arrayed for the holidays with a beautiful evergreen wreath 被美丽的常青花环妆点的节日大门
A: ♣近  adorn, beautify, bedeck, bedizen, blazon, embellish, emblaze, emboss, enrich, garnish, ornament, trim
A: ♣反  blemish, deface, disfigure, mar, scar, spoil 破坏，

Q:arrest  [ə'rest]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使不活跃：to make inactive
A: ♣例  arrest the growth of the tumor 抑制肿瘤生长
A: ♣近  check, rein, curb, contain, hamper, thwart, bring to a halt
A: ♣反  vitalize, activate, animate, invigorate 使有生气；prod, goad, spur, galvanize, provoke, stimulate 刺激
A: ♠考法2  n/v. 停止：the stopping of a process or activity; to bring to a standstill
A: ♣例  Science cannot yet arrest the process of aging. 科学不能阻止衰老。
A: ♣近  cease, cessation, closure, conclusion, discontinuance, discontinuation, ending, halt, stop, termination; check, stop
A: ♣反  continuance, continuation 继续
A: ♠考法3  v. 逮捕：to take or keep under one's control by authority of law
A: ♣例  She was charged with resisting arrest. 她因为拘捕受到起诉。
A: ♣近  apprehend
A: ♣反  discharge 释放
A: ♠考法4  v. 吸引注意力：to hold the attention of as if by a spell
A: ♣例  The behavior of the daredevil arrested pedestrians. 冒失鬼的行为吸引了行人们的注意力。
A: ♣近  enchant, fascinate, bedazzle, grip, hypnotize, mesmerize

Q:arresting  [ə'restiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吸引人的：attracting and holding the attention; striking
A: ♣例  an arresting spectacle 吸引人的奇观
A: ♣近  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, enthralling, fascinating, gripping, immersing, intriguing, riveting
A: ♣反  boring, drab, tedious, monotonous, uninteresting 乏味的，单调的

Q:arrhythmic  [ə'riðmik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不规律的：lacking rhythm or regularity
A: ♣例  arrhythmic pulse 不规律的脉搏
A: ♣近  irregular, disorderly
A: ♣反  regular, orderly 规律的

Q:arrogance  ['ærəɡəns]
A: ♠考法1  n．傲慢，自大：overbearing pride
A: ♣例  Her arrogance has earned her a lot of enemies. 她的傲慢给她带来了很多敌人。
A: ♣近  assumption, bumptiousness, haughtiness, hauteur, imperiousness, loftiness, peremptoriness, pomposity, pompousness, presumptuousness, superciliousness
A: ♣反  humility, modesty, humbleness, unassumingness 谦虚

Q:articulate  [ɑ:'tikjulət]
A: ♠考法1  v. 清晰地表达：to utter clearly and distinctly
A: ♣例  He cannot articulate his thoughts. 他不能清楚地表达他的想法。
A: ♣例  a theory first articulated by ancient philosophers 被古时哲学家阐明的理论
A: ♣近  enunciate
A: ♣反  murmur, mumble, mutter, slur 模糊地说
A: ♠考法2  adj. 表达清晰的：able to express oneself clearly and well
A: ♣例  The television crew covering the science fair were looking for photogenic and articulate students to explain their projects on the air
A: ♣近  eloquent, fluent, silver-tongued, well-spoken
A: ♣反  inarticulate, ineloquent, unvocal 表达不清楚的

Q:ascendant  [ə'sendənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有影响力的，主宰的：dominant in position or influence; superior.
A: ♣例  This idea was in the ascendant. 这种思想处于主导地位。
A: ♣近  superior, dominant, sovereign
A: ♣反  having no influence/ power 没有影响力的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 上升的：moving upward : rising
A: ♣例  The teacher told the students to write even numbers in ascendant order. 老师让学生们按升序写出偶数。
A: ♣反  declining 下降的

Q:ascetic  [ə'setik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 禁欲的：practicing strict self-denial as a measure of personal and especially spiritual discipline
A: ♣例  This is an ascetic diet of rice and beans. 这是一顿禁欲的隐私，只有米饭和豌豆。
A: ♣近  abstemious, abstinent, self-denying
A: ♣反  sumptuous, luxurious 奢侈的；licentious, sybaritic, voluptuous 放荡的，沉溺于酒色的
A: ♠考法2  n. 禁欲者：a person who renounces material comforts and leads a life of austere self-discipline, especially as an act of religious devotion.
A: ♣例  We normally see an ascetic meditating in a Yogic pose. 我们通常会看见一个苦行者以瑜伽的姿势来冥想。
A: ♣近  stoic, spartan
A: ♣反  sybarite, hedonist, voluptuary 奢侈逸乐的，人享乐主义者，酒色之徒

Q:aseptic  [æ'septik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 消毒的，无菌的：preventing infection
A: ♣例  Surgery must be in aseptic environments. 手术必须处在无菌环境下
A: ♣近  sterile, germfree
A: ♣反  germy, unsterile 有细菌的；contaminated, tainted 被污染的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 缺乏活力的：lacking vitality
A: ♣近  inactive, lackadaisical, languid, listless, spiritless
A: ♣反  active, animated, energetic, energetic, vivacious 有活力的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 冷漠的：emotion, or warmth
A: ♣例  aseptic essays 没有感情的文章；an aseptic smile 漠然的微笑
A: ♣近  affectlessness, emotionlessness, impassiveness, impassivity, insensibility, numbness, phlegm
A: ♣反  emotion, feeling, sensibility 有感情

Q:askew  [ə'skju:]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不成直线，歪的：out of line, awry
A: ♣例  The picture hung askew. 画挂歪了。
A: ♣例  His tie was askew. 他的领带歪了。
A: ♣近  crooked, cockeyed, oblique, lopsided, skewed, aslant, slanted, slanting, listing, tilted, awry
A: ♣反  aligned 列成一行的；straight, erect 直的

Q:aspect  ['æspekt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 外表，容貌：appearance to the eye or mind
A: ♣例  His face had a frightening aspect. 他的脸很吓人。
A: ♣近  appearance, look, figure, presence, mien

Q:asperity  [æ'sperəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （举止、性情）粗暴：roughness of manner or of temper
A: ♣例  She responded with such asperity that we knew she was offended by the question. 她如此粗鲁的回答问题以至于我们知道这个问题冒犯到了她。
A: ♣近  roughness, crudity, rudeness, poignancy, harshness
A: ♣反  softness, mildness 脾气好
A: ♠考法2  n.（环境）艰苦：rigor, severity
A: ♣例  He has encountered more than his share of asperities on the road to success. 在成功的道路上他已经遇到过比他应该承受的更多的艰辛。
A: ♣近  severity, hardness, hardship, rigor

Q:aspersion  [ə'spə:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 诽谤，中伤：a false or misleading charge meant to harm someone's reputation
A: ♣例  cast aspersions on my loyalty 诽谤我的忠诚
A: ♣近  defamation, besmirchment, calumny, calumniation, maligning, obloquy, vilification
A: ♣反  glowing tribute, eulogy, extolling, laudation, praise, commendation, compliment 热情赞赏，表扬；flattery, adulation拍马屁

Q:aspirant  [ə'spaiərənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 有抱负者, 有野心者：one who aspires, as to advancement, honors, or a high position
A: ♣例  a bevy of ever-smiling aspirants for the Miss America title 一群想当美国小姐的少女
A: ♣例  Envy can make oneself backward, self-confidence can tells him to be a aspirant. 妒忌能使自己落后，自信能使自己上进。
A: ♣近  seeker
A: ♣反  noncandidate 非候选人
A: ♠考法2  adj. 想成为…的：seeking to attain a desired position or status
A: ♣例  The pilot was an aspirant astronaut. 这个飞行员想成为航天员。

Q:assail  [ə'seil]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 抨击，严厉批评： to criticize harshly and usually publicly
A: ♣例  The union organizers assailed the chemical company for failing to provide a safe working environment. 工会主席因为这家化工企业不能为员工提供安全的生产环境而对其进行了严厉的抨击。
A: ♣近  abuse, bash, belabor, blast, castigate, excoriate, lambaste, savage, scathe, slam, trash, vituperate
A: ♣反  acclaim, commend, compliment, hail, laud, praise 表扬，称赞
A: ♠考法2  vt. 攻击，猛攻： to take sudden, violent action against
A: ♣例  He was assailed by a young man with a knife. 他被一个持刀的年轻人揍了一顿。
A: ♣近  assault, attack, beset, charge, raid, rush, storm, strike, set on
A: ♣反  defend, guard, protect, shield 防御，守卫
A: ♣派  assailable adj. 易受攻击的

Q:assent  [ə'sent]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 同意：to agree to something especially after thoughtful consideration
A: ♣例  The general proposed a detailed plan and the president assented. 将军提出了一个细节化的计划，总统同意了该计划。
A: ♣近  accede, agree, assent, consent, subscribe, come round
A: ♣反  dissent, disagree 不同意

Q:assert  [ə'sə:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 断言，肯定地说出：to state or declare positively and often forcefully or aggressively
A: ♣例  asserted one’s innocence.坚称自己无罪
A: ♣例  He asserted that there were corrupt officials in the government. 他断言道政府里面一定存在腐败的官员。
A: ♣近  aver, allege, avow, avouch, insist
A: ♣反  deny, gainsay 否认

Q:assertive  [ə'sə:tiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 武断的，强烈自信的：inclined to bold or confident assertion; aggressively self-assured.
A: ♣例  You will have to make many personal judgments when being assertive. 当武断的时候你不得不做出很多个人选择。
A: ♣近  assertory, self-assured, self-assertive, peremptory
A: ♣反  diffident 不自信的

Q:assess  [ə'ses]
A: ♠考法1  v. 评估重要性、尺寸、价值等：to determine the importance, size, or value of
A: ♣例  We need to assess whether or not the system is working. 我们需要评估这个系统是否工作。
A: ♣近  evaluate, appraise, guesstimate
A: ♠考法2  v. 征收费用（如罚款）：to establish or apply as a charge or penalty
A: ♣例  The utility company will assess a fee if your payment is late. 如果你付款晚了，公共事业公司会罚款。
A: ♣近  assess, charge, exact, fine, lay, levy, put
A: ♣反  remit 免除（债务）

Q:assiduous  [ə'sidjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勤勉的，专心仔细的：marked by careful unremitting attention or persistent application; busy
A: ♣例  tended his garden with assiduous attention 专心仔细地照看他的花园
A: ♣例  The project required some assiduous planning. 项目需要细心的规划。
A: ♣近  diligent, industrious, sedulous
A: ♣反  idle, inactive, unbusy, unemployed, unoccupied 空闲的
A: ♣派  assiduity n. 勤勉：persistent application or diligence; unflagging effort.

Q:assuage  [ə'sweidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 缓和，减轻：to lessen the intensity of
A: ♣例  He couldn't assuage his guilt over the divorce. 他无法减轻自己在离婚中的罪行。
A: ♣反  aggravate, exacerbate 加强，恶化
A: ♠考法2  vt. 平息，抚慰：to pacify or calm
A: ♣例  Life contains sorrows that cannot be assuaged, and it is important to be honest in acknowledging this. 生活中存在着无法平息的悲伤，诚实地承认这个事实才是重要的。
A: ♣近  compose, soothe, calm, pacify, placate, appease, lighten, relieve, alleviate, assuage, allay, mitigate, moderate, conciliate, propitiate
A: ♣反  aggravate, annoy, enrage, exasperate, incense, infuriate, ire, irk, irritate, madden, nettle, peeve, provoke, rile, roil, vex 煽动，激起
A: ♠考法3  vt. 使满足：to put an end to by satisfying
A: ♣例  assuage his thirst 消渴
A: ♣例  That meal certainly assuaged my hunger. 那顿大餐满足了我的口腹之欲。
A: ♣近  satisfy, sate, satiate, quench

Q:astounding  [ə'staundiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人吃惊的，出乎意料的：causing astonishment or amazement
A: ♣例  The richness and variety of the undersea environment are astounding．富饶而多样的海底环境是令人惊奇的。
A: ♣近  amazing, astonishing, blindsiding, dumbfounding, shocking, startling, stunning, stupefying
A: ♣反  unsurprising 平常的

Q:astute  [ə'stju:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 机敏的，有洞察力的：having or showing shrewdness and perspicacity
A: ♣例  Astute salesmen know how to invest emotionally. 精明的推销员知道如何进行感情投资。
A: ♣近  canny, smart, shrewd, perspicacious, clear-eyed, clear-sighted, savvy, hardheaded
A: ♣反  unknowing 无知的

Q:asunder  [ə'sʌndə]
A: ♠考法1  adv. 分离成多部分或多片：into separate parts or pieces
A: ♣例  broken asunder 打碎
A: ♣例  Buildings were burst asunder. 建筑物已经被炸成碎片了。
A: ♣近  piecemeal
A: ♣反  in a piece 完整一片；together 在一起
A: ♠考法2  adv. 分离：apart from each other in position
A: ♣例  A quite conscience sleeps in thunder, but rest and guilt live far asunder. 平静的良心能在雷声中入睡，而安宁和负罪则无法毗邻。
A: ♣例  Our opinions are wide as the poles asunder. 我们的意见完全相反。
A: ♣近  apart
A: ♣反  together 在一起

Q:asylum  [ə'sailəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 收容所/ 保护所：an inviolable place of refuge and protection giving shelter to criminals and debtors/ something (as a building) that offers cover from the weather or protection from danger
A: ♣例  an insane asylum 疯人院
A: ♣例  The embassy serves as an asylum for that country's nationals in need of help. 大使馆作为那国需要帮助的公民的保护所。
A: ♣近  harbor, haven, refuge, sanctuary, sanctum

Q:asymmetrical  [,æsi'metrik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不平衡的,不对称的：having no balance or symmetry
A: ♣例  the asymmetrical construction 非对称的建筑
A: ♣近  asymmetric, nonsymmetrical, unsymmetrical, unbalanced
A: ♣反  symmetrical 对称的；balanced 平衡的

Q:asymmetry  [æ'simətri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不对称，不平衡： lack of balance or symmetry
A: ♣例  functional asymmetry of cerebral hemispheres 大脑两半球功能不对称性
A: ♣近  disproportion, imbalance
A: ♣反  symmetry 对称；balance, proportion 平衡
A: ♣派  asymmetric adj. 不对称的

Q:atone  [ə'təun]
A: ♠考法1  v. 赎罪，弥补：to make amends, as for a sin or fault
A: ♣例  Blood must atone for blood. 以命抵命。
A: ♣例  Even death cannot atone for the offence. 罪不容诛。
A: ♣近  redeem

Q:atrocious  [ə'trəuʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极坏的, 极其残忍的：extremely wicked, brutal, or cruel
A: ♣例  Murder is an atrocious crime. 犯罪是一种极其恶劣的犯罪活动。
A: ♣近  heinous
A: ♣反  benign, kind, kindhearted, benignant, good-hearted, humane, sympathetic, tenderhearted 善良的，好的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 让人极为不满意的 extremely unsatisfactory
A: ♣例  The service on plane was atrocious. 飞机上的服务让人极为不满意。
A: ♣反  satisfactory 令人满意的； wonderful 精彩的，极好的

Q:atrophy  ['ætrəfi]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 萎缩，衰退： to waste away; wither or deteriorate
A: ♣例  The years following the closing of the last textile mill, the town atrophied. 随着最后一家纺织厂的倒闭，整个城镇开始衰退。
A: ♣近  crumble, decay, decline, degenerate, descend, devolve, ebb, regress, retrograde, rot, sink, worsen
A: ♣反  ameliorate, improve, meliorate 改善，提升

Q:attenuate  [ə'tenjueit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使降低（数量，力量，价值）： to lessen the amount, force, magnitude, or value of
A: ♣例  an investment attenuated by inflation 一份因通货膨胀而贬值的投资.
A: ♣近  cheapen, devalue, downgrade, reduce, write down
A: ♣反  appreciate, enhance, upgrade, mark up 升值，提升
A: ♣派  attenuation n. 弱化，贬值

Q:attest  [ə'test]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 证实，为…作证： to give evidence or testimony to the truth or factualness of
A: ♣例  Her fine work attests her ability. 她的优秀作品能够证明她的能力。‖I can attest that she was at the party. 我可以为她当时在聚会上作证。
A: ♣近  argue, authenticate, certify, corroborate, substantiate, support, testify, validate, verify, vindicate
A: ♣反  contradict, disprove, gainsay, rebut, refute 反驳，否定

Q:attune  [ə'tju:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使协调，使和谐： to bring into harmony
A: ♣例  After years spent in academia, he found it difficult to attune himself to the corporate culture. 在学术圈摸爬滚打多年之后，他发现自己很难融入企业文化之中。
A: ♣近  accommodate, conciliate, conform, coordinate, key, reconcile
A: ♣反  disharmonize 使不和谐；disarray, disorder, disorganize, disrupt 弄乱，打乱
A: ♣派  attunement n. 调音，协调

Q:audacious  [ɔ:'deiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大胆的，（但往往）愚勇的： fearlessly, often recklessly daring; bold
A: ♣例  an audacious plan 一个冒进的计划
A: ♣近  bold, adventurous, brash, brassy, brazen, rash, reckless
A: ♣反  cautious, circumspect, guarded, wary 小心谨慎的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 蔑视（法律、礼节）的，无礼的： contemptuous of law, religion, or decorum
A: ♣近  impertinent, impudent, insolent
A: ♣反  timid, meek 温顺的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 乐于冒险的： inclined or willing to take risks
A: ♣例  audacious adventurers risking everything they had for a shot at glory 为了荣誉而孤注一掷的冒险家们
A: ♣近  daring, emboldened, enterprising, nervy, venturesome
A: ♠考法4  adj. 大胆创新的： marked by originality and verve
A: ♣例  an audacious interpretation of two dramas 对两部戏剧的创造性阐述
A: ♣派  audacity n. 胆量，不敬

Q:augur  ['ɔ:ɡə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 预言家： one who predicts future events or developments
A: ♣例  The ancient Roman augurs predicted the future by reading the flight of birds. 古罗马的预言家们通过鸟类的航线来预测未来
A: ♣近  forecaster, foreseer, diviner, foreteller, prophesier, visionary
A: ♠考法2  v. 出现好兆头： to show signs of a favorable or successful outcome
A: ♣例  This augurs well for us. 这是一个好兆头
A: ♣近  forebode, promise
A: ♠考法3  vt. 预言：to tell of or describe beforehand
A: ♣例  The fortune-teller augured nothing but a series of calamities for me. 占卜人预言在我身上将会有一系列大灾难发生
A: ♣近  forecast, predict, presage, prognosticate, prophesy

Q:august  ['ɔːɡəst]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 威严的，庄重的： having or showing a formal and serious or reserved manner
A: ♣例  Unsurprisingly, the head of the bank is an august white-haired gentleman. 不出所料的，银行的总裁是一名白发苍苍的、令人顿生敬意的绅士。
A: ♣近  distinguished, imposing, portly, solemn, staid, stately
A: ♣反  flighty, frivolous, giddy, goofy, silly, undignified 轻浮的，不庄重的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 盛大的，令人印象深刻的： large and impressive in size, grandeur, extent, or conception
A: ♣例  an august golden anniversary celebration for the company 盛大的周年庆祝会
A: ♣近  baronial, epic, grandiose, imperial, magnificent, majestic, massive, monumental, noble, regal, splendid
A: ♣反  common, humble, mediocre, ordinary, unimposing, unimpressive 普通的，一般的

Q:auspicious  [ɔ:'spiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 好兆头的： pointing toward a happy outcome
A: ♣例  began the season with an auspicious win against their strongest football rival 在赛季之初就战胜了最强的对手，为整个赛季赢得了好兆头
A: ♣近  bright, encouraging, golden, heartening, hopeful, promising, propitious
A: ♣反  baleful, dark, direful, doomy, foreboding, gloomy, menacing, minatory, ominous, portentous, sinister, threatening 不详的，凶兆的

Q:austere  [ɔ'stiə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 朴素的，朴实无华： markedly simple or unadorned
A: ♣例  For the private office of the CEO of the large corporation, the room is unexpectedly austere. 出人意料的是，大公司总裁的私人办公室居然十分朴素。
A: ♣近  plain, spartan, stark, unadorned
A: ♣反  deluxe, lavish, luxurious, plush, sumptuous 奢华的；elaborate, fancy 花哨的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 严肃的，令人生畏的： stern and cold in appearance or manner
A: ♣例  an austere fortress at the top of some formidable cliffs 建立在悬崖峭壁之上的一座令人畏惧的堡垒‖In his memory his deceased grandfather is an austere, distant, cold person. 在他的记忆之中，已过世的祖父是一个严肃、冷漠而难以接近的人。
A: ♣近  dour, fierce, flinty, forbidding, formidable, gruff, intimidating, lowering, rough, rugged, severe, steely
A: ♣反  benign, benignant, gentle, mild, tender 和蔼的，温柔的

Q:authentic  [ɔ:'θentik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 真实的，非仿造的： being exactly as appears or as claimed
A: ♣例  found an authentic Native American arrowhead 发现了一支美洲土著的箭头
A: ♣近  bona fide, certified, genuine
A: ♣反  bogus, counterfeit, fake, mock, phony, spurious 伪造的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 准确的，相符合的： following an original exactly
A: ♣例  an authentic reconstruction of the Parthenon 帕台农神殿的准确复刻
A: ♣近  accurate, exact, precise, right, veracious
A: ♣反  corrupt, false 错误的
A: ♣派  authenticity n. 真实，真实性

Q:authority  [ɔ:'θɔrəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （某领域的）权威人士： a person with a high level of knowledge or skill in a field
A: ♣例  a leading authority on neural anatomy 一名神经解剖学领域的权威人士
A: ♣近  expert, connoisseur, maestro, master, virtuoso
A: ♣反  amateur 业余爱好者 inexpert 非专家
A: ♠考法2  n. 管辖权，控制： lawful control over the affairs of a political unit (as a nation)
A: ♣例  The sheriff had authority over the whole county. 郡守对于整个郡都有管辖权
A: ♣近  administration, governance, regime, regimen
A: ♠考法3  n. 影响力： the power to direct the thinking or behavior of others usually indirectly
A: ♣例  He speaks with a persuasive authority on matters of public health. 他就公共健康事务发表了带有影响力的、令人信服的评论
A: ♣近  clout, credit, leverage, weight
A: ♠考法4  n. （管束他人的）权力： the right or means to command or control others
A: ♣例  By the authority vested in me, I now pronounce you married. 依我所拥有的权力，我宣布你们成为夫妻
A: ♣近  arm, command, control, dominion, reign
A: ♣反  impotence, powerlessness 无权力
A: ♠考法5  n. 根据，理由： a warrant for action
A: ♣例  On what authority do you make such a claim? 你的指控有何理由？
A: ♣近  grounds, justification

Q:autocracy  [ɔ:'tɔkrəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 独裁政府：government in which a person possesses unlimited power
A: ♣例  It signified the British rejection of autocracy by constituting the first formal restraining of the power of the monarch 英国对于独裁体制的反抗表现在它对君王权力进行的正式约束
A: ♣近  absolutism, dictatorship, totalitarianism, tyranny
A: ♣反  democracy 民主，民主制度
A: ♣派  autocratic adj. 独裁的

Q:automatic  [,ɔ:tə'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （机器等）自动的： acting or operating in a manner essentially independent of external influence or control
A: ♣例  Will your next car be a manual or an automatic? 你下辆车是手动挡还是自动挡？‖Modern subwaysare equipped with automatic screen doors. 现代地铁都装备了自动屏蔽门。
A: ♣近  automated, robotic, self-acting, self-operating, self-regulating
A: ♣反  manual 手动的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 自发的，情不自禁的： acting or done spontaneously or unconsciously
A: ♣例  Carl’s automatic use of the brakes narrowly averted a collision. 卡尔不经意间所踩的刹车勉强避免了一场车祸。
A: ♣近  impulsive, instinctive, involuntary, mechanic, mechanical, natural, spontaneous
A: ♣反  calculated, deliberate, intentional, planned, predetermined, premeditated, studied 有计划的，蓄意的
A: ♣派  automatically adv. 自动地

Q:autonomy  [ɔ:'tɔnəmi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 政治上的独立： the quality or state of being self-governing
A: ♣例  The province has been granted autonomy. 这个省份被授予了自治权
A: ♣近  self-governance, sovereignty
A: ♣反  dependence, subjection 附属，依赖
A: ♠考法2  n. 自我主导的自由，尤其是精神独立： self-directing freedom and especially moral independence
A: ♣例  a teacher who encourages individual autonomy 一个鼓励精神独立的老师
A: ♣近  independence, liberty, free will
A: ♣反  constraint, duress 限制
A: ♣派  autonomous adj. 自治的

Q:avarice  ['ævəris]
A: ♠考法1  n. 贪财，贪婪： excessive or insatiable desire for wealth or gain
A: ♣例  The bank official's embezzlement was motivated by pure avarice. 银行官员盗用公款纯粹是出于贪婪
A: ♣近  acquisitiveness, avidity, covetousness, cupidity, greediness, rapacity
A: ♣反  generosity, magnanimity慷慨
A: ♣派  avaricious adj. 贪婪的

Q:aver  [ə'və:]
A: ♠考法1  v. 声称为真： to state as a fact usually forcefully
A: ♣例  was tearfully averring his innocence 涕泪俱下地声明他的清白
A: ♣近  allege, assert, avouch, avow, declare, purport, warrant
A: ♣反  deny, gainsay 否认
A: ♠考法2  v. （态度强硬而明确地）声明： to state clearly and strongly
A: ♣例  She averred that she didn't need any help choosing her own clothes. 她态度强硬地声明：在买衣服的问题上不需要别人指手画脚
A: ♣近  affirm, insist, maintain, profess

Q:aversion  [ə'və:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 非常讨厌，极厌恶：a dislike so strong as to cause stomach upset or queasiness
A: ♣例  a natural aversion toward insects 天生对昆虫的反感
A: ♣近  distaste, horror, loathing, nausea, repugnance, repulsion, revulsion
A: ♠考法2  n. 令人厌恶的事物：something or someone that is hated
A: ♣例  Clichés should be the aversion of every good writer. 陈词滥调应该是让每个优秀的作家都感到厌恶的
A: ♣近  abhorrence, abomination, antipathy, detestation, execration
A: ♣反  love 令人喜爱的事物

Q:avid  [,ævid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 急切渴望的： marked by keen interest and enthusiasm
A: ♣例  avid movie fans 急切的影迷
A: ♣近  agog, ardent, eager, keen, impatient, thirsty
A: ♣反  apathetic, indifferent 不在乎的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 贪婪（钱财）的： having or marked by an eager and often selfish desire especially for material possessions
A: ♣例  She stared at the jewels with an avid glint in his eye. 她带着贪婪的目光注视着那些珠宝
A: ♣近  acquisitive, avaricious, covetous, greedy, rapacious
A: ♣派  avidity n. 贪婪

Q:avowal  [ə'vauəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 承认： a solemn and often public declaration of the truth or existence of something
A: ♣例  With jingoism rampant, the peace candidate felt compelled to make an avowal of his patriotism. 在沙文主义肆虐的情况下，爱好和平的候选人被迫承认自己是个爱国主义者。
A: ♣近  affirmation, assertion, asseveration, avouchment, claim, declaration, insistence, profession
A: ♣反  disavowal 否认，否定

Q:awash  [ə'wɔʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 被淹没的： containing, covered with, or thoroughly penetrated by water
A: ♣例  The streets were awash from the heavy rains. 街道因为大雨被水淹没了
A: ♣近  doused, drenched, saturated, sodden, soggy, soaked, afloat
A: ♣反  dry, arid, dehydrated, drained 干燥的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （如洪水般）泛滥的： filled, covered, or completely overrun as if by a flood
A: ♣例  The program is currently awash in submissions and will not be accepting any more until next term. 该项目的申请人数过多，因此下一轮之前不会再接受任何申请
A: ♣近  abounding, abundant, flush, fraught, replete, swarming, teeming, thronging
A: ♣反  dearth, insufficient, scant 匮乏的

Q:awe  [ɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 敬畏： an emotion variously combining dread, veneration, and wonder that is inspired by authority or by the sacred or sublime
A: ♣例  She gazed in awe at the great stone. 她敬畏地凝视着那块巨石
A: ♣近  admiration, reverence, respect, veneration
A: ♣反  irreverence, insolence, scorn, superciliousness 蔑视，不敬
A: ♣派  awesome adj. 令人敬畏的

Q:awkward  ['ɔ:kwəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏灵活性和技巧的： lacking dexterity or skill
A: ♣例  awkward with a needle and thread 缺乏灵巧的针线活技术
A: ♣近  handless, maladroit
A: ♣反  adroit, deft, dexterous, proficient, skilled 灵巧的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （处理问题）缺乏手段和智谋的： showing or marked by a lack of skill and tact (as in dealing with a situation)
A: ♣例  Her awkward handling of the seating arrangements resulted in many hurt feelings. 她那缺乏智谋的座次安排伤害了许多人的感情
A: ♣近  botched, bungling, fumbled, inept, inexpert, maladroit
A: ♠考法3  adj. 臃肿笨拙的，不优雅的： lacking ease or grace (as of movement or expression)
A: ♣例  an awkward design 一份粗劣的设计
A: ♣近  clumsy, gauche, graceless, gawkish
A: ♣反  elegant, graceful, polished, lithe, coordinated 优雅的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 令人尴尬的： causing embarrassment
A: ♣例  the awkward situation of having to listen as your host and hostess quarrel loudly in the next room 不得不听着你的主人和她太太在隔壁大声争吵的尴尬境地
A: ♣近  discomfiting, disturbing, disconcerting, embarrassing, flustering
A: ♠考法5  adj. （因过大过重或设计问题）难以操作的： difficult to use or operate especially because of size, weight, or design
A: ♣例  The manual can opener is too a

Q:awning  ['ɔ:niŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 雨篷，遮阳篷： a piece of material attached to a caravan or building which provides shelter from the rain or sun
A: ♣例  stayed under the awning outside the Starbucks during the rainstorm 在星巴克外面的遮阳棚里躲雨
A: ♣近  awning, ceiling, cover, roof, tent

Q:awry  [ə'rai]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 弯曲或扭曲的： in a turned or twisted position or direction
A: ♣例  Her sunglass is awry. 她墨镜戴歪了
A: ♣近  askew, aslant, lopsided, slanted
A: ♣反  aligned, direct, even, straight 成行的，笔直的
A: ♠考法2  adj./adv. 走样的（地），出差错的（地）： off the correct or expected course
A: ♣例  Operation Redwing was initially launched by US special-operation troops in hopes of capturing or killing a Taliban leader but went awry. 由美军特种部队发起、代号为“红翼”的军事行动的起初目的是捕获或击杀一名塔利班头目，然而行动在执行过程中出现了差错
A: ♣近  amiss, aside, astray, erroneous
A: ♣反  right, well 无差错的

Q:axiomatic  [,æksiəu'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 公理的： based on or involving an axiom or system of axioms
A: ♣例  Euclidean geometry is based on five axiomatic principles. 欧几里得几何学是在五条公理的基础上建立的
A: ♣近  dictum, fundamental, maxim
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不言自明的： taken for granted, self-evident
A: ♣例  an axiomatic truth 一个不言而明的真理
A: ♣近  self-evident, prima facie
A: ♣反  controversial 有争议的
A: ♣派  axiom n. 公理

Q:babble  ['bæbl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 发出含糊无意义的嘟囔声，胡乱说： to utter a meaningless confusion of words or sounds
A: ♣例  Babies babble before they can talk. 婴儿在会说话以前含糊不清地发音
A: ♣近  drivel, gabble, gibber, jabber, prattle, abracadabra
A: ♣反  articulate 清晰地说出
A: ♠考法2  v. 闲聊： to engage in casual or rambling conversation
A: ♣例  The little girls babbled contentedly for the whole ride home. 两个小姑娘在回家的路上高兴地闲聊
A: ♣近  chatter, prate

Q:backfire  ['bæk,faiə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 产生相反的结果，事与愿违： to have the reverse of the desired or expected effect
A: ♣例  My plan to throw her a surprise party backfired when she ended up sobbing that everyone had forgotten her birthday. 我本想给她的生日开一个聚会作为惊喜，但没想到事与愿违：她啜泣着说所有人都忘记了她的生日。
A: ♣近  boomerang
A: ♣反  succeed 成功

Q:backhanded  ['bæk'hændid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 间接的，含沙射影的, 虚情假意的： indirect, devious, especially sarcastic
A: ♣例  a backhanded compliment 虚情假意的恭维话
A: ♣近  feigned, roundabout, sarcastic, hypocritical, two-faced, double-faced, left-handed
A: ♣反  forthright 直截了当的; artless, candid, genuine, honest, sincere 真挚的，真诚的

Q:backslide  [,bæk'slaid]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （情况等）倒退，固态萌发： to revert to a worse condition
A: ♣例  Keep these things in mind to help prevent you from backsliding. 牢记这些东西，他们能防止你旧病复犯。
A: ♣近  degenerate, lapse, recidivate, relapse, retrograde, retrogress
A: ♣近  advance, progress 进步，前进

Q:badger  ['bædʒə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 不断纠缠或骚扰： to harass or annoy persistently
A: ♣例  badger him into purchasing 不断地骚扰劝说他购买
A: ♣近  bait, plague

Q:badinage  [bædinɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 打趣，善意的玩笑： playful repartee, banter
A: ♣例  the sophisticated badinage of the characters in plays by Oscar Wilde 奥斯卡?王尔德作品中意味深长的玩笑话
A: ♣近  banter, persiflage, repartee

Q:baffle  ['bæfl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 挫败，阻挠： to frustrate or check (a person) as by confusing or perplexing
A: ♣例  baffled by the language barrier 受到语言障碍的阻挠
A: ♣近  balk, beat, check, discomfit, foil, frustrate, thwart
A: ♣反  advance, cultivate, encourage, forward, foster, further, nurture, promote 促进，鼓舞
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使疑惑： to throw into a state of mental uncertainty
A: ♣例  I was baffled by many of the scientific terms used in the article. 这篇文章中各种学术词汇让我很困惑。
A: ♣近  befog, befuddle, bewilder, confound, discombobulate, disorient, maze, mystify, perplex, puzzle, vex
A: ♣反  clarify, elucidate 澄清，阐明
A: ♣派  baffling adj. 令人困惑的

Q:baffling  ['bæfliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人疑惑的，难以理解的： making great mental demands; hard to comprehend or solve
A: ♣例  I was constantly ill, with a baffling array of symptoms. 我常常生病，而且有着一系列令人困惑的症状。
A: ♣近  befuddling, bewildering, confounding, confusing, enigmatic, puzzling, perplexing
A: ♣反  apparent, distinct, evident, lucid, manifest, obvious, patent, pellucid, perspicuous, plain, transparent 明确的，明显的

Q:bait  [beit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 逗弄，激怒： to persecute or exasperate with unjust, malicious, or persistent attacks
A: ♣例  bait him with gibes about his humble origin 取笑他的平凡出身以烦扰他
A: ♣近  badger, annoy, harass, heckle
A: ♣反  appease, pacify, mollify, disarm 平息，使缓和
A: ♠考法2  v.引诱： to lead away from a usual or proper course by offering some pleasure or advantage
A: ♣例  the investment scheme baits the greedy and the unscrupulous 这份投资计划吸引贪婪者和轻信者上钩
A: ♣近  allure, decoy, entice, seduce
A: ♠考法3  n. 诱饵： something (as food) used in luring especially to a hook or trap
A: ♣例  The squad leader has finally realized that his team was a bait. 队长终于意识到他的队伍是一个诱饵
A: ♣近  allurement, snare, trap, temptation

Q:bale  [beil]
A: ♠考法1  n. 痛苦，悲哀： woe, sorrow
A: ♣例  relieve spirit from the bale 从悲痛中解脱
A: ♣近  misery, suffering, anguish, grief
A: ♣反  joy 快乐

Q:baleful  ['beilful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有害的： harmful or malignant in intent or effect
A: ♣例  a policy with baleful effects 一个带来不良后果的政策
A: ♣近  harmful, pernicious, detrimental
A: ♣反  beneficent 有益的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 凶兆的： foreboding or threatening evil
A: ♣例  a baleful look 面露凶色
A: ♣近  direful, doomy, ominous, ill-boding, minatory, portentous, sinister
A: ♣反  unthreatening 不构成威胁的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 致命的： likely to cause or capable of causing death
A: ♣例  a medicine that is beneficial in small doses but baleful in large 是药三分毒
A: ♣近  deadly, fatal, lethal
A: ♣反  healthy, wholesome 有益健康的

Q:balk  [bɔ:k]
A: ♠考法1  v. 阻碍： to check or stop by or as if by an obstacle
A: ♣近  circumvent, frustrate, foil, thwart
A: ♣反  advance, forward, foster, nurture, promote 推进
A: ♠考法2  v. 不愿接受，拒绝： to show unwillingness to accept, do, engage in, or agree to
A: ♣例  She balked at the very idea of compromise. 她固执地拒绝妥协的想法
A: ♣近  decline, refuse, spurn, repudiate, turn down
A: ♣反  accept, approve 同意
A: ♣派  balky adj. 倔强的

Q:balky  ['bɔ:ki]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不服管束的，倔强的： refusing or likely to refuse to proceed, act, or function as directed or expected
A: ♣例  a balky mule 犟骡子
A: ♣近  contumacious, defiant, perverse, intractable, obstreperous, refractory, unruly, untoward, wayward. willful
A: ♣反  compliant, docile, subdued, submissive, tractable 顺从的

Q:ballad  ['bæləd]
A: ♠考法1  n. 由简单诗节和叠句组成的民歌： a narrative poem, often of folk origin and intended to be sung, consisting of simple stanzas and usually having a refrain
A: ♣例  a haunting ballad about loneliness 一段有关寂寞的缭绕于心的民谣
A: ♣近  ditty, jingle, lyric, vocal

Q:balloon  [bə'lu:n]
A: ♠考法1  v. 迅速增加： to increase rapidly
A: ♣例  The use of computers has ballooned. 电脑的使用量迅速增长
A: ♣近  inflate, escalate, expand, burgeon, mushroom, snowball
A: ♣反  decrease, taper, dwindle, diminish, recede, wane 减少

Q:balm  [bɑ:m]
A: ♠考法1  n. 香油，止痛膏，安慰物： a sweet-smelling oil that heals wounds or reduce pain
A: ♣例  Friendship is the finest balm in need. 危难关头，友情是最好的安慰
A: ♣反  irritant 刺激物
A: ♣派  balmy adj. 柔和的
A: ♠考法2  n. 香气： a sweet or pleasant smell
A: ♣例  The balm of the restaurant's backyard garden enhances the aura of romance. 餐馆后院传来的阵阵芳香增加了浪漫的情调
A: ♣近  aroma, fragrance, incense, perfume, redolence
A: ♣反  fetor, malodor, stench, stink 恶臭

Q:banal  [bə'nɑ:l]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非原创的，陈腐的： lacking originality, freshness, or novelty; trite
A: ♣例  The slogan is too banal. 这口号已是陈词滥调了
A: ♣近  cliché, hackneyed, stereotyped, threadbare, trite, timeworn, shopworn, stale, moth-eaten
A: ♣反  novel, innovative, arresting 新颖的
A: ♣派  banality n. 陈腐

Q:bane  [bein]
A: ♠考法1  n. 祸根：a source of harm or ruin
A: ♣例  Drinking was the bane of his life. 饮酒是他一生的祸根
A: ♣近  affliction, curse, nemesis, scourge
A: ♣反  blessing, boon, felicity, windfall 福根
A: ♠考法2  n. 有害的物质：a substance that by chemical action can kill or injure a living thing
A: ♣例  a plant that is believed to be the bane of the wolf 一种被认为对狼有毒害作用的植物
A: ♣近  toxic, toxin, venom
A: ♣派  baneful adj. 有害的

Q:banish  ['bæniʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 驱逐出境：to require by authority to leave a country
A: ♣例  Since the diplomatic relation between the two nations has been broken, diplomats were all banished. 随着两国外交关系的断裂，所有的外交人员都被驱逐出境
A: ♣近  deport, exile, expatriate, expel
A: ♣反  repatriate 遣返
A: ♠考法2  vt. 赶出：to drive or force out
A: ♣例  permanently banished the troublemakers from the youth recreational center 永久剥夺肇事者进入青年娱乐中心的权力
A: ♣派  banishment n. 驱逐

Q:banter  ['bæntə]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 幽默、打趣的（地）谈话： good-humored, playful conversation
A: ♣例  banter with someone 和某人调侃
A: ♣近  badinage, persiflage, repartee

Q:barb  [bɑ:b]
A: ♠考法1  n. 尖锐而严厉的批评： a biting or pointedly critical remark or comment
A: ♣例  delivered one last barb to his ex-girlfriend as he stalked away 在他转身离去之前，给他前女友留下了最后一句尖锐的批评
A: ♣近  affront, criticism, offense, outrage, sarcasm, slight
A: ♣反  praise, applause, compliment 称赞

Q:barbarous  ['bɑ:bərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 野蛮的，凶残的： mercilessly harsh or cruel
A: ♣例  insulted by barbarous language 被粗暴的语言侵犯
A: ♣近  brutal, atrocious, fiendish, heartless, savage, truculent, vicious
A: ♣反  merciful, benevolent , humane, sympathetic 仁慈的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 未开化的： uncivilized
A: ♣例  some barbarous behaviors such as eating with your fingers 一些没有教养的举止，比如直接用手拿东西吃
A: ♣近  wild, uncultivated
A: ♣反  civilized, decent, decorous 举止得体的

Q:barefaced  ['bεəfeist]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 公然的，厚颜无耻的： undisguisedly bold; brazen
A: ♣例  a barefaced lie 一个公然的谎言
A: ♣近  apparent, plain, bald, evident, manifest, obvious, perspicuous
A: ♣反  secret, furtive, clandestine, surreptitious 秘密的

Q:bargain  ['bɑ:ɡin]
A: ♠考法1  n. 协议： an agreement between parties settling what each gives or receives in a transaction
A: ♣例  They made a bargain that one would help the other next week. 他们达成了一项协议：下周其中一人将帮助另外一人
A: ♣近  accord, compact, contract, covenant, deal, pact, settlement
A: ♠考法2  vi. 讨价还价： to negotiate over the terms of a purchase
A: ♣例  bargain over the price 讨价还价
A: ♣近  haggle, negotiate

Q:baroque  [bə'rɔk]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 华丽装饰的，过分雕琢，复杂的： characterized by extravagance, complexity, or flamboyance
A: ♣例  a baroque prose 一篇辞藻华丽的散文
A: ♣近  byzantine, complicated, convoluted, elaborate, fancy, intricate, knotty, labyrinthine, lavish, tangled
A: ♣反  austere, plain, simple 朴实无华的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （程度）过分的： going beyond a normal or acceptable limit in degree or amount
A: ♣例  Eventually even the movie seems bored by its baroque violence. 到最后这电影也因为其中过度的暴力元素而显得让人厌烦
A: ♣近  exorbitant, extravagant, lavish, overdue
A: ♣反  moderate, modest, temperate 适度的

Q:barrage  ['bærɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 弹幕： a heavy curtain of artillery fire directed in front of friendly troops to protect them
A: ♣例  Troops are advancing under the shield of barrage. 部队在弹幕的掩护下前进
A: ♣近  bombardment, fusillade
A: ♠考法2  n. 有压倒之势的、集中的倾泻（如言语）： an overwhelming, concentrated outpouring, as of words
A: ♣例  The announcement was met with a barrage of criticism and protests. 此公告一出，批评和抗议的声音四起
A: ♣近  salvo, hail, cannonade, shower, storm, volley
A: ♠考法3  v. （同时）袭来： to attack with a rapid or overwhelming outpouring of many things at once
A: ♣例  The athlete was barraged with requests for an autograph. 请求运动员签名的呼声如排山倒海般袭来
A: ♣近  bomb

Q:barren  ['bærən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不育的： incapable of producing offspring
A: ♣例  a poor, barren woman 一名可怜的不孕女子
A: ♣近  fruitless, impotent, infertile, effete
A: ♣反  prolific, fecund 多产的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不产生结果的，无效的： producing no results; unproductive
A: ♣例  That line of investigation proved barren, so the police tried other avenues. 那个方向的调查已经被证明是没有结果的了，所以警察开始尝试其他的途径
A: ♣近  bootless, ineffective, inefficacious, unavailing, vain
A: ♣反  effective, successful, productive, virtuous 有效的，成功的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 贫瘠的： deficient in production of vegetation and especially crops
A: ♣例  barren deserts and wastelands 贫瘠的沙漠和荒野
A: ♣近  desolate, impoverished, waste
A: ♣反  arable, fruitful, luxuriant, verdant 富饶繁茂的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 极度匮乏的： utterly lacking in something needed, wanted, or expected
A: ♣例  Their proposal for revitalizing the downtown business district is utterly barren of practical methods. 他们意图重振中心商业区的计划缺乏能够起效的方法
A: ♣近  bare, bereft, destitute, void
A: ♣反  filled, flush, fraught, full, replete, rife 充沛的

Q:barricade  [,bæri'keid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 障碍物： an obstruction or rampart thrown up across a way or passage
A: ♣例  The police put up barricades to block off the parade route. 警察设立了路障来阻挡游行的队伍
A: ♣近  fence, hedge, wall, barrier, obstacle, blockade, obstruction
A: ♠考法2  v. 用障碍物阻止通过： to prevent access to by means of a barricade
A: ♣例  streets have been barricaded by authorities 街道被当局封锁了
A: ♣近  bar, check, hinder, impede, obstruct, wall off
A: ♣反  permit 允许

Q:barter  ['bɑ:tə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 以物换物： to trade (goods or services) without the exchange of money
A: ♣例  barter wheat for cotton 以小麦换棉花
A: ♣近  swap, trade

Q:bash  [bæʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 猛击： a forceful blow
A: ♣例  He has not been the same ever since he received that bash on his head. 自从他脑袋被别人打了之后，他就变得大不一样。
A: ♣近  bang, bat, beat, crack, hit, knock, lash, poke, pound, punch, slam, slap, smash, spank, stroke, swat
A: ♠考法2  vt. 攻击，用力击打： to strike violently and often repeatedly
A: ♣例  The angry child kept bashing her toy with a hammer until it broke. 愤怒的小孩用锤子不断地敲击她的玩具，直到它彻底被破坏。
A: ♣近  baste, batter, buffet, hammer, lace, maul, nail, smash, strike
A: ♠考法3  vt. 抨击，严厉批评： to criticize harshly and usually publicly
A: ♣例  In all of talk radio no other host seems to enjoy bashing liberals as much as he does. 在电台节目再没有像他一样热衷于抨击自由主义者的主持人了。
A: ♣近  abuse, assail, belabor, blast, castigate, excoriate, lambaste, savage, scathe, slam, trash, vituperate
A: ♣反  acclaim, commend, compliment, hail, laud, praise 表扬，称赞

Q:bask  [bɑ:sk]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 休息，悠然自得： to lie or relax in a pleasant warmth or atmosphere
A: ♣例  We blissfully basked at the seashore over the long holiday. 我们在海滩上躺着晒太阳，享受着漫长的假期。
A: ♣近  loll, lounge, relax, repose
A: ♣反  drudge, grind, hustle, labor, moil, plod, slave, sweat, toil, travail, work （辛苦地）干活，工作

Q:batch  [bætʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 一批次的量： a number of things considered as a unit
A: ♣例  a batch of cookies 一批次烘烤的饼干
A: ♣近  array, collection, package, parcel, group
A: ♠考法2  n. 一小群人： a usually small number of persons considered as a unit
A: ♣例  Show the next batch of applicants in, please. 请带下一批申请人进来
A: ♣近  band, body, cluster, party

Q:bathetic  [bə'θetik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平凡的，陈腐的： characterized by exceptional commonplaceness
A: ♣例  a bathetic funeral scene 平凡的葬礼场面
A: ♣近  trite, cliché, commonplace, hackneyed, stale, stereotyped
A: ♣反  offbeat 离奇的 exceptional 不平常的，非凡的
A: ♣派  bathos n. 平凡的事物

Q:bawdy  ['bɔ:di]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 下流的，猥亵的： boisterously or humorously indecent
A: ♣例  a bawdy joke 黄色笑话 || bawdy house 妓院
A: ♣近  obscene, lewd, ribald, vulgar
A: ♣反  decent, decorous 得体的 chaste, noble 纯洁的，高贵的

Q:bedeck  [bi'dek]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 装饰，点缀： to make more attractive by adding something that is beautiful or becoming
A: ♣例  flag bedecking the balcony 在阳台上用以装饰的旗子 || bedeck with jewels 用珠宝装饰
A: ♣近  adorn, beautify, decorate, dress, embellish, emblaze
A: ♣反  strip 剥去 blemish, deface, mar, spoil 损害，破坏

Q:beholden  [bi'həuldən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 欠他人人情的： owing something, such as gratitude, to another
A: ♣例  Not wanting to be beholden to anyone, he insisted on paying his own way. 因为不想欠别人的人情，所以他坚持出自己的那一份钱。
A: ♣近  indebted, obligated, obliged

Q:behoove  [bi'hu:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 对…有利的： to be necessary, proper or advantageous for
A: ♣例  It behooves you at least to try. 你至少也应该尝试一下。
A: ♣近  befit, beseem, fit, serve, suite

Q:beige  [beiʒ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏特征的： lacking distinction
A: ♣例  Some food critics have dismissed that chef's version of French cuisine as beige and boring. 一些美食评论家认为那名厨师所做的法国菜平凡无奇，令人厌倦。
A: ♣近  characterless, faceless, featureless, indistinctive, neutral, noncommital, vanilla
A: ♣反  diagnostic, discriminating, distinct, distinctive, distinguishing, identifying, peculiar, typical 特征的

Q:belabor  [bi'lebə]
A: ♠考法1  v.（当众）严厉批评： to criticize harshly and usually publicly
A: ♣例  It’s not wise to belabor other people's flaws when you're hardly perfect yourself. 如果你自己还做不到完美，去指责他人是不明智的
A: ♣近  beat, baste, batter, excoriate, lambaste, abuse, assail, vituperate, scathe
A: ♣反  applaud, extol, eulogize, endorse, acclaim 赞扬
A: ♠考法2  v. 就…作过度的说明，喋喋不休： to explain or insist on excessively
A: ♣例  belabor the obvious 就显而易见的问题喋喋不休
A: ♣近  dwell on, harp on
A: ♣反  disregard, omit, ignore, neglect, slight, slur over 忽略

Q:beleaguer  [bi'li:ɡə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 包围，围攻： to surround (as a fortified place) with armed forces for the purpose of capturing or preventing commerce and communication
A: ♣例  beleaguered the castle for months 围攻堡垒长达数月
A: ♣近  siege, besiege, invest, blockade
A: ♣反  retreat, withdraw 撤退
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使困扰，使烦恼，使消沉： trouble, harass, beset
A: ♣例  We are still beleaguered by the very problem. 我们仍然就为这一个问题而感到困扰
A: ♣近  annoy, harass, pester, plague, tease
A: ♣反  delight 使愉悦
A: ♣派  beleaguering adj. 扰人的

Q:belie  [bi'lai]
A: ♠考法1  v. 错误地描述；误述： to picture falsely; misrepresent
A: ♣例  The report belied the real severity of the aftermath. 这个报道错误地评价了后果的严重性
A: ♣近  misrepresent, falsify
A: ♣反  betray, reveal 表明，暴露，揭露（伪装）
A: ♠考法2  v. 证明…为假： to show (something) to be false or wrong
A: ♣例  Practical experience belies this theory. 实践证明这个理论是错误的
A: ♣近  debunk, discredit, refute, shoot down
A: ♣反  attest, confirm, validate, verify 证实
A: ♠考法3  v. 掩饰： to keep secret or shut off from view
A: ♣例  Security Council issued false assurances that belied the true gravity of the situation. 安理会发布了不真实的承诺，掩盖了局势的严重性
A: ♣近  conceal, curtain, disguise, mask
A: ♣反  disclose, expose 揭露
A: ♠考法4  v. 与…相对立；与…相矛盾： to be counter to; contradict
A: ♣例  At first glance, life at the boarding school seemed to belie all the bad things I had heard about it. 乍看之下，寄宿学校的生活似乎不同于我所听说的有关它的糟糕情形
A: ♣近  contradict, contravene
A: ♣反  agree 与…相一致

Q:belligerence  [bi'lidʒərəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 好斗，好战： an aggressive or truculent attitude, atmosphere, or disposition
A: ♣例  Among the Native American tribes of the colonial period, the Iroquois were known for their belligerence. 在殖民时期的美洲土著部落中，易洛魁人因为他们的好战而著名。
A: ♣近  aggressiveness, assaultiveness, bellicosity, combativeness, contentiousness, disputatiousness, feistiness, militance, pugnacity, quarrelsomeness, scrappiness, truculence
A: ♣反  pacifism 爱好和平

Q:belligerent  [bi'lidʒərənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 好斗的，好战的： inclined to or exhibiting assertiveness, hostility, or combativeness
A: ♣例  The coach became quite belligerent and spit at an umpire after being thrown out of the game. 教练变得好斗起来，以至于在被罚出场外之后转身向裁判吐口水。
A: ♣近  aggressive, agonistic, assaultive, bellicose, combative, contentious, disputatious, feisty, gladiatorial, militant, pugnacious, quarrelsome, truculent, warlike
A: ♣反  dove, pacific, peaceful 爱好和平的
A: ♣派  belligerence n. 好战，好斗

Q:bellwether  ['bel,weðə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 领导者，带头人： one that takes the lead or initiative
A: ♣例  Paris is a bellwether of the fashion industry. 巴黎是一座引领时尚潮流的都市
A: ♣近  leader, pacemaker, pilot, trendsetter
A: ♣反  follower, disciple, imitator 跟随者，弟子，模仿者

Q:beneficent  [bi'nefisənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 仁慈的，好慈善的： characterized by or performing acts of kindness or charity
A: ♣例  beneficent couple who are regular volunteers at an orphan 一对在孤儿院做义工的慈善的夫妇
A: ♣近  kind, altruistic, benevolent, philanthropic, benign, compassionate, sympathetic
A: ♣反  atrocious, barbarous, truculent, vicious 残忍的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （对个人或社会）有益的： promoting or contributing to personal or social well-being
A: ♣例  the beneficent effect of sunshine 日光浴的益处
A: ♣近  helpful, advantageous, favorable, kindly, profitable, salutary
A: ♣反  detrimental, harmful, noxious, toxic 有害的
A: ♣派  beneficently adv. 仁慈地

Q:benign  [bi'nain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 好心的，仁慈的：showing kindness and gentleness
A: ♣例  a benign coach 一名仁慈的教练
A: ♣近  beneficent, gentle, kind
A: ♣反  abrasive, caustic, coarse, hard, harsh, rough, scathing, stern 粗暴的，严厉的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无害的： not causing or being capable of causing injury or hurt
A: ♣例  Don’t worry; his eccentricities are entirely benign. 别担心，他那些古怪行为不会给人带来伤害
A: ♣近  harmless, innocent, innocuous, inoffensive
A: ♣反  baleful, deleterious, detrimental, harmful, injurious, pernicious 有害的

Q:berate  [bi'reit]
A: ♠考法1  v. （长时间）严厉指责：to scold or condemn vehemently and at length
A: ♣例  He berated them in public. 他公开谴责他们
A: ♣近  castigate, flay, lambaste, scold, rail, upbraid, reproach, reprimand
A: ♣反  commend, compliment, praise 表扬，赞颂

Q:beseech  [bi'si:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. （急切地）恳求： to beg for urgently or anxiously
A: ♣例  They besought the military to act immediately. 他们恳求军方立即采取行动
A: ♣近  appeal, conjure, entreat, implore, petition, plead, supplicate
A: ♣反  demand （依据权力等）要求

Q:beset  [bi'set]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使苦恼，骚扰： to cause persistent suffering to
A: ♣例  He has been beset by a lack of self-confidence virtually his entire life. 事实上他的一生都在被缺乏自信所困扰。
A: ♣近  agonize, anguish, bedevil, besiege, curse, excruciate, harrow, persecute, plague, rack, torment, torture
A: ♣反  comfort, console, solace, soothe 安抚，安慰
A: ♠考法2  vt. 攻击，袭击： to set upon
A: ♣例  The settlers were beset by savages. 定居者们遭到了野蛮人的袭击。‖The unsuspecting tourists were suddenly beset by robbers. 丝毫没有准备的游客遭到了歹徒的突然袭击。
A: ♣近  assail, assault, attack, charge, raid, rush, storm, strike, set on
A: ♣反  defend, guard, protect, shield 防御，守卫

Q:besmirch  [bi'smə:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 弄脏，弄污： to make dirty; soil
A: ♣例  besmirched the white bed sheets with their dirty hands 用他们的脏手把白床单弄脏了
A: ♣近  foul, smirch, smudge, taint
A: ♣反  clean, cleanse 清洁
A: ♠考法2  v. 诽谤，玷污： to detract from the honor or luster of
A: ♣例  besmirch your reputation by fabricating scandals 通过捏造丑闻来玷污你的名声
A: ♣近  defile, smear, soil, stain
A: ♣反  honor 授予荣誉

Q:bewitching  [bi'witʃiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 迷人的，令人着迷的： having an often mysterious or magical power to attract
A: ♣例  bewitching woman who has never lacked for suitors 一个从不缺乏追求者的迷人女子
A: ♣近  alluring, appealing, attractive, captivating, charismatic, enchanting, engaging, entrancing, glamorous, luring, magnetic, seductive
A: ♣反  repellent, repelling, repugnant, repulsive, revolting 令人反感的

Q:bifurcate  ['baifəkeit]
A: ♠考法1  vi./vt. （使）分成两支： (to cause) to divide into two branches or parts
A: ♣例  Their visions of the company’s future slowly began to bifurcate. 我们关于公司未来的构想慢慢出现分歧
A: ♣近  divide, diverge, fork
A: ♣反  coalesce 联合 converge 汇合

Q:bigot  ['biɡət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 固执己见者，有偏见的人： a person obstinately devoted to his own opinions and prejudices
A: ♣例  He is a bigot, or “a slave of dogma”. 一个固执己见的人，换而言之就是——教条主义的奴隶
A: ♣近  dogmatist, partisan
A: ♣反  depreciator, disparager 贬低他人的人
A: ♣派  bigoted 固执己见的

Q:blackmail  ['blækmeil]
A: ♠考法1  n./vi. 敲诈，勒索： extortion of money or something else of value from a person by the threat of exposing a criminal act or discreditable information
A: ♣例  It looks like these pornographic pictures were being used for blackmail. 看起来有人用这些不雅照进行敲诈勒索。
A: ♣近  extortion

Q:bland  [blænd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 味道平淡的： not irritating or stimulating; soothing
A: ♣例  stick to bland diet to lose weight 坚持清淡的饮食以减肥
A: ♣近  mild, light, soft, soothing, tender
A: ♣反  pungent, tangy, zesty 味道刺激的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无趣的： dull, insipid
A: ♣例  a bland story with na?ve plot 一个情节幼稚的无聊故事
A: ♣近  banal, sapless, insipid
A: ♣反  riveting, enchanting 诱人的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 温和的，和蔼的： not harsh or stern especially in nature or effect
A: ♣例  bland food that was good for babies and invalids 对婴儿和病患有益的温和的食物
A: ♣近  balmy, benign, bland, delicate, mellow, nonabrasive
A: ♣反  abrasive, caustic, coarse, hard, harsh, rough, scathing, stern 刺激性的

Q:blandishment  ['blændiʃmənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 甜言蜜语，讨好某人的话： something that tends to coax or cajole
A: ♣例  Our blandishment left her unmoved. 纵使甜言蜜语她也无动于衷
A: ♣近  flattery, adulation

Q:blase  ['bla:zei]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （过度放纵之后）厌倦享乐的，腻烦的： apathetic to pleasure or excitement as a result of excessive indulgence or enjoyment
A: ♣例  Years of extravagance has made him totally blasé. 长期的奢华生活已使他彻底麻木
A: ♣近  indifferent, jaded, unconcerned, world-weary
A: ♣反  zealous, fanatic 狂热的 curious 好奇的


Q:blast  [blæst]
A: ♠考法1  n. 爆炸： an explosion or violent detonation
A: ♣例  blast wave of a nuclear bomb 原子弹的冲击波
A: ♣近  burst, detonation, eruption, outburst
A: ♣反  implosion 向内爆裂
A: ♠考法2  n. 一阵猛烈的强风： a violent gust of wind
A: ♣例  blasts of bleak air 阵阵阴风
A: ♣近  blow, flurry
A: ♠考法3  n. 巨响： a loud explosive sound
A: ♣例  a sharp blast of the horn startled the other driver 一声尖锐刺耳的喇叭声惊吓到了另一名司机
A: ♣近  bang, boom, thunderclap
A: ♣反  murmur, whisper 轻言轻语
A: ♠考法4  vt. 炸裂，爆破： to cause to break open or into pieces by or as if by an explosive
A: ♣例  The highway engineers will have to blast that hill in order to put a road through here. 为了建设一条公路，道路工程师们必须对那座山进行爆破
A: ♣近  demolish, explode, smash, blow up
A: ♠考法5  vt. 斥责，抨击： to criticize harshly and usually publicly
A: ♣例  blasted the new governor for every little misstep 就每一个小的失误都要抨击新的执政官
A: ♣近  abuse, assail, belabor, castigate, lambaste, scathe, vituperate

Q:blatant  ['bleitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大声喧哗的： noisy, especially in a vulgar or offensive manner
A: ♣例  blatant radios 喧闹恼人的电台
A: ♣近  boisterous, clamant, clamorous, vociferous
A: ♣反  quiet, reticent, taciturn 沉默少语的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （让人生厌地）惹人注目的： very noticeable especially for being incorrect or bad
A: ♣例  a blatant lie 明目张胆的谎言 || a blatant error in simple addition 简单的加法运算中的一个明显错误
A: ♣近  conspicuous, flagrant, glaring, patent, striking, pronounced
A: ♣反  subtle, unimpressive 细微的

Q:blazon  ['bleizən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使知名： to make known openly or publicly
A: ♣例  Their very public canoodling has pretty much blazoned the fact that they are having an affair. 他们彼此间公开的亲昵举动让他们之间的恋情大白于天下
A: ♣近  annunciate, broadcast, declare, publicize, proclaim
A: ♣反  withhold 保留，不透露
A: ♠考法2  v. 修饰，装扮： to make more attractive by adding something that is beautiful or becoming
A: ♣例  The university’s dormitory has been blazoned with banners celebrating graduation. 学校宿舍被那些庆祝毕业的横幅所装点
A: ♣近  adorn, bedeck, embellish, garnish
A: ♣反  blemish, deface, mar, spoil 损害，破坏

Q:blemish  ['blemiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 缺点，污点： a noticeable imperfection
A: ♣例  The first LCD had several blemishes on its surface, so we took it back to the store. 第一块液晶显示屏有许多坏点，所以我们拿回商场去退货了
A: ♣近  blotch, defect, fault, flaw, mar, spot, scar
A: ♠考法2  v. 损害，降低： to reduce the soundness, effectiveness, or perfection of
A: ♣例  A scratch blemished the finish on the car. 一道刮痕破坏了车子表面的涂层
A: ♣近  break, disfigure, harm, hurt, impair, injure, spoil, vitiate
A: ♣反  fix, renovate, repair, revamp 翻新，维修
A: ♣派  unblemished adj. 纯净的

Q:blight  [blait]
A: ♠考法1  v. （使）枯萎：to affect (as a plant) with blight
A: ♣近  wither, shrivel
A: ♣反  flourish 生长繁茂
A: ♠考法2  v. 损害： to impair the quality or effect of
A: ♣例  Illness blighted his career. 伤病毁了他的职业生涯 || Cosmetics are often used to conceal facial blemishes. 化妆品常用来遮盖脸部色斑。
A: ♣近  damage, deteriorate, harm, impair, mar, ruin
A: ♣派  blighted adj. 枯萎的，毁坏的

Q:bliss  [blis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 极度快乐： extreme happiness; ecstasy
A: ♣例  Ignorance is bliss ——The Matrix. 无知者，幸也（电影《黑客帝国》）
A: ♣近  beatitude, joy, ecstasy, elation
A: ♣反  grief, misery 悲痛
A: ♠考法2  n. 极乐世界： a dwelling place of perfect happiness for the soul after death
A: ♣例  the road to eternal bliss 通往永恒乐土的道路
A: ♣近  heaven, paradise
A: ♣反  hell 地狱
A: ♣派  blissful adj. 带来幸运的

Q:blithe  [blaið]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 愉快高兴的： of a happy lighthearted character or disposition
A: ♣例  Everyone loved her for her blithe spirit. 所有人都喜欢她开朗的性格
A: ♣近  bright, buoyant, gay, jocular, jocund, jovial
A: ♣反  dour, gloomy, morose, saturnine, sulky, sullen 忧郁的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无忧无虑的： having or showing freedom from worries or troubles
A: ♣例  He has a blithe attitude about ever having to earn a living because he knows there's a trust fund in his future. 他对生活无忧无虑，因为他知道他的未来有信托基金可以倚靠
A: ♣近  debonair, insouciant, lighthearted
A: ♣反  careworn 焦虑的

Q:blueprint  ['blu:print]
A: ♠考法1  n. 蓝图，详细计划： a photographic print used especially for architects’ plans
A: ♣例  a blueprint for the new library 新图书馆的建造蓝图
A: ♣近  arrangement, design, plan, scheme
A: ♠考法2  v. 事先计划： to work out the details of (something) in advance
A: ♣例  blueprinted the schedule of events for the festival right down to the last detail 把节日的活动的每一个细节都事先安排好了
A: ♣近  arrange, budget, calculate, organize, frame, lay out

Q:bluff  [blʌf]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 直率的，（说话）直截了当的： being or characterized by direct, brief, and potentially rude speech or manner
A: ♣例  Frankly speaking, he is a bluff but good-hearted teacher. 老实说，这个老师说话很直率，但是心地善良。
A: ♣近  abrupt, brusque, crusty, curt, downright, forthright, snippy, straightforward, unceremonious
A: ♣反  circuitous, mealy-mouthed （说话）拐弯抹角的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 欺骗： to cause to believe what is untrue; deceive
A: ♣例  I successfully bluffed the interviewer into believing that I could really speak French and thus would be the perfect person to serve in the newspaper’s Paris bureau. 我成功地欺骗了面试官，让他相信我会法语，从而成为报社在巴黎办事处的不二人选。
A: ♣近  bamboozle, beguile, cozen, deceive, delude, dupe, fool, hoax, misguide, misinform, mislead, trick
A: ♣反  disabuse, disenchant, disillusion 使清醒

Q:blunder  ['blʌndə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 过失： a gross error or mistake resulting usually from stupidity, ignorance, or carelessness
A: ♣例  That's your second blunder today. 这是你今天犯的第二个低级错误了
A: ♣近  mistake, gaffe, lapse, error
A: ♠考法2  v. 在…方面犯了很愚蠢且通常很严重的错误；糟蹋： to make a stupid, usually serious error in; botch
A: ♣近  screw up, mess up
A: ♠考法3  v. 蹒跚：to move unsteadily or confusedly
A: ♣例  Without my glasses I blundered into the wrong room.因为没戴眼镜，所以我蹒跚地走入了错误的房间
A: ♣近  stumble, falter, limp, plod
A: ♣派  blundering adj. 蹒跚行走的

Q:blunt  [blʌnt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使变钝：to make less sharp or definite
A: ♣近  dull, deaden, hebetate, benumb, enfeeble, attenuate
A: ♣反  whet, sharpen 磨尖
A: ♠考法2  vt. 减弱（力度等）：to reduce or weaken in strength or feeling
A: ♣例  The abrupt music blunted the effect of the movie's final tragic scene. 突兀的音乐让电影结束时悲剧场景的氛围大打折扣
A: ♣近  dampen, deaden
A: ♠考法3  adj. 直率的：being or characterized by direct, brief, and potentially rude speech or manner
A: ♣例  He values honesty and is quite blunt about telling people what he doesn't like about them. 他重视诚实，经常直率地告诉别人他们何处使他不满
A: ♣近  abrupt, bluff, brusque, curt, gruff
A: ♣反  circuitous, mealy-mouthed 拐弯抹角的

Q:blur  [blə:]
A: ♠考法1  v. （使）变得朦胧，（使）变得不清楚： to (cause sth. to) become vague or indistinct
A: ♣例  Sorrowful tears blurred her eyes. 悲伤的眼泪模糊了她的双眼
A: ♣近  shroud, becloud, befog, obscure
A: ♣反  clear 使清晰
A: ♠考法2  v. 使不易理解： to make (something) unclear to the understanding
A: ♣例  An article for the layman that blurs the distinction between the two kinds of cholesterol. 一篇针对业余读者的文章把两种胆固醇的区别弄得模糊不清
A: ♣近  obfuscate
A: ♣反  clarify, illuminate 阐明，说清楚
A: ♣派  blurring adj. 朦胧的

Q:blurt  [blə:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 突然说出，冲动地说： to utter abruptly and impulsively
A: ♣例  blurt out the secret 脱口说出了秘密
A: ♣近  burst, bolt, ejaculate, cry out
A: ♣反  muffle, mute 使缄默

Q:bluster  ['blʌstə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 狂妄自大地大声说： to speak in a loudly arrogant or bullying manner
A: ♣例  He was blustering alone in the meeting, which triggered wide dissatisfaction. 他一人在会议上夸夸其谈，引得众人不满。
A: ♣近  roar, clamor, bluster, rattle
A: ♣反  whisper 小声嘀咕
A: ♠考法2  n. 大声吹嘘或恐吓： loudly boastful or threatening speech
A: ♣近  grandiloquence, braggadocio
A: ♠考法3  n. 喧闹的状态： a state of noisy, confused activity
A: ♣例  a mayor who got things done without a lot of bluster 一个能把事情低调解决的市长
A: ♣近  disturbance, pandemonium, tumult, turmoil
A: ♣派  blustering adj. 大吵大闹的

Q:boggle  ['bɔɡl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 因为怀疑、恐惧而犹豫： to hesitate because of doubt, fear, or scruples
A: ♣例  boggle at the dilemma 身处困境而犹豫不决
A: ♣近  hesitate, falter, waver
A: ♠考法2  v. 笨拙地做： to make or do (something) in a clumsy or unskillful way
A: ♣例  She boggled her first effort to make Christmas cookies. 她第一次尝试圣诞蛋糕做得笨手笨脚
A: ♣近  botch, bungle.

Q:bogus  ['bəuɡəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 伪造的，假冒的： being such in appearance only and made or manufactured with the intention of committing fraud
A: ♣例  The evidence turned out to be completely bogus and the suspect may be innocent. 由于证据被发现是彻底伪造的，嫌犯很有可能是无辜的。
A: ♣近  counterfeit, fake, false, forged, inauthentic, phony , queer, sham, snide, spurious, unauthentic
A: ♣反  authentic, genuine, real, unfaked, bona fide 真实的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 虚伪的，做作的： lacking in natural or spontaneous quality
A: ♣例  There was often a lot of bogus conviviality at the company’s parties. 公司的聚会上往往有着虚伪的欢乐。
A: ♣近  affected, assumed, contrived, factitious, feigned, plastic, pretended, pseudo, simulated, unnatural
A: ♣反  artless, natural, spontaneous, unaffected, uncontrived, unfeigned, unforced 真诚的，不虚伪的

Q:boisterous  ['bɔistərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 喧嚷的，吵闹的： noisily turbulent
A: ♣例  a boisterous queue in front of the pavilion 场馆前喧闹的队伍 || boisterous mirth. 喧闹的欢笑
A: ♣近  rowdy, vociferous, blatant, clamorous, raucous, rambunctious
A: ♣反  quiet, sedate 安静的
A: ♣派  boisterousness n. 喧闹

Q:bolster  ['bəulstə]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 支持： a structural part designed to eliminate friction or provide support or bearing
A: ♣例  pillows that bolster the building 支撑房屋的柱子
A: ♣近  brace, buttress, bear, sustain, undergird, underpin, uphold, prop up
A: ♠考法2  v. 鼓励，使有精力： to give a boost to
A: ♣例  news that bolsters the morale of the troops鼓舞军队士气的消息
A: ♣近  buoy, reinforce
A: ♣反  dampen 泼冷水

Q:bombast  ['bɔmbæst]
A: ♠考法1  n. 夸大的言辞： grandiloquent, pompous speech or writing
A: ♣例  “Their eloquence is all bombast”, said Charles Kingsley. “他们的雄辩是虚张声势”，查理斯?金斯利如此说道
A: ♣近  braggadocio, grandiloquence, exaggeration
A: ♣反  understatement 保守的观点
A: ♣派  bombastic adj. 夸大的

Q:bonhomie  ['bɔnɔmi:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 温和，和蔼： a pleasant and affable disposition; geniality
A: ♣近  affability, amiability, geniality
A: ♣派  bonhomous adj. 和蔼的

Q:boo  [bu:]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 嘘（以表示不满或嘲笑）： a sound uttered to show contempt, scorn, or disapproval
A: ♣例  boo the actor off the stage 把演员嘘下舞台
A: ♣近  jeer, scorn
A: ♣反  applaud 鼓掌

Q:boon  [bu:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 恩惠，福利： benefit, favor
A: ♣例  The new solar battery booster is a boon for photographers. 这个光伏充电器是摄影家的福音
A: ♣近  gift, benevolence, present, windfall
A: ♣反  misfortune, scourge 灾祸
A: ♠考法2  adj. 喜欢集体行动的： likely to seek or enjoy the company of others
A: ♣近  convivial, extroverted, gregarious, social, outgoing
A: ♣反  reclusive 隐居

Q:boor  [buə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 粗鲁的人，不敏感的人： a rude or insensitive person
A: ♣例  acting like boor 表现得很粗鲁
A: ♣近  peasant, barbarian, buffoon
A: ♣反  sentimentalist 多愁善感的人

Q:bootless  ['bu:tlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无用的： useless, unprofitable, futile
A: ♣例  The meeting turns out to be a bootless attempt. 这个会议被证明是一次徒劳的尝试
A: ♣近  barren, ineffective, futile, abortive, fruitless, vain
A: ♣反  worthy, virtuous有价值的

Q:bore  [bɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 令人厌烦的人或事物： one that causes boredom
A: ♣例  For once, the graduation speaker wasn't a real bore. 就这一次毕业演讲者不是那么令人厌倦。
A: ♣近  drip, droner, snoozer, yawner
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使厌倦，使厌烦： to make weary by being dull, repetitive, or tedious
A: ♣例  The professor's lifeless and unimaginative teaching style bored the students to death. 教授毫无生气和想象力的说教方式让学生厌倦至极。
A: ♣近  jade, pall, tire, weary
A: ♣反  absorb, engage, engross, enthrall, fascinate, grip, interest, intrigue 使充满兴趣，使全神贯注
A: ♣派  boring adj. 令人厌烦的；boredom n. 厌烦，乏味

Q:bound  [baund]
A: ♠考法1  n. 界限： a real or imaginary point beyond which a person or thing cannot go
A: ♣例  The language in the novel really is beyond the bounds of decency. 这本小说的语言实在太不得体了
A: ♣近  environs, limits, confines, perimeter
A: ♣反  unrestrainedness 无边无际
A: ♠考法2  vt. 给…设置限制： to set limits or bounds to
A: ♣例  The country is bounded by river. 这个国家的领土以河水为界
A: ♣近  limit, demarcate, delimit
A: ♣反  enfranchise, free, liberate 释放
A: ♠考法3  adj. 投入的，坚定的：fully committed to achieving a goal
A: ♣例  I am bound and determined to write a novel before I turn 30. 我下定决心在30岁之前要写本小说
A: ♣近  resolute, determined, single-minded, bent on
A: ♣反  faltering, hesitant, vacillating, wavering, weak-kneed 动摇的
A: ♣派  boundless adj. 无边无际、无约束的

Q:boycott  ['bɔikɔt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 联合抵制，拒绝参与： to engage in a concerted refusal to have dealings with (as a person, store, or organization) usually to express disapproval or to force acceptance of certain conditions
A: ♣例  This brand is being boycotted for damaging environment. 因为破坏环境，这个品牌正在被抵制
A: ♣近  refuse
A: ♣反  patronize 经常光顾

Q:bracing  ['breisiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人振奋的，给人带来活力的： giving strength, vigor, or freshness
A: ♣例  a bracing news from the frontline来自前线的振奋人心的消息
A: ♣近  invigorating, rejuvenating, reviving, stimulating
A: ♣反  vapid 乏味的
A: ♣派  brace v. 支持，使充满活力

Q:brake  [breik]
A: ♠考法1  v. 刹车： to cause to move or proceed at a less rapid pace
A: ♣例  A seagull swooped down in front of her car, causing her to slam on the brakes. 一只海鸥飞到车窗前，她猛踩刹车。
A: ♣近  decelerate, retard, slacken
A: ♣反  accelerate, hasten, rush, speed up 加速

Q:brandish  ['brændiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （带有威胁性地）挥舞： to shake or wave (as a weapon) menacingly
A: ♣例  I could see that the suspect was brandishing a knife and was in no way inclined to surrender. 我可以看到嫌犯在挥舞着一把刀，完全没有要投降的倾向。
A: ♣近  shake, swing, wave
A: ♣反  drop 放下（武器等）

Q:brash  [bræʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 愚勇的，鲁莽的： foolishly adventurous or bold
A: ♣例  that brash motorcyclist likes to show off by riding on only one wheel 那个鲁莽的摩托车手喜欢炫耀单轮骑车
A: ♣近  audacious, brassy, daredevil, madcap, reckless, temerarious
A: ♣反  circumspect, guarded, heedful, prudent, wary
A: ♠考法2  adj. 缺乏判断力的，不明智的： showing poor judgment especially in personal relationships or social situations
A: ♣例  He was reprimanded for his brash comments to the media about the team's coaching staff. 他因对媒体说了一些有关教练组的不明智的评论被指责。
A: ♣近  imprudent, injudicious, tactless, undiplomatic
A: ♣反  advisable, discreet, tactful 明智的

Q:brassy  ['brɑ:si]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 厚脸皮的，不知羞耻的： displaying or marked by rude boldness
A: ♣例  brassy reporters 厚颜无耻的记者
A: ♣近  audacious, bold-faced, brazen, impertinent, impudent, insolent
A: ♣反  diffident, unassertive, retiring, timid 羞怯的，谦逊的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 华而不实地炫耀的： cheap and showy; flashy
A: ♣反  furtive 隐秘的

Q:bravado  [brə'vɑ:dəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 假装勇敢： a pretense of bravery
A: ♣例  I remembered his youthful bravado. 我还记得他的年少鲁莽。
A: ♠考法2  n. 虚张声势： blustering swaggering conduct
A: ♣例  strove to prevent our courage from turning into bravado 努力阻止我们的勇气蜕变成虚张声势

Q:bravura  [brə'vjuərə]
A: ♠考法1  adj/n. 优秀演技： brilliant technique or style in performance
A: ♣例  a truly bravura performance of the ballet 一场极其精彩的芭蕾舞演出
A: ♣近  adroit, artful, dexterous, masterful, virtuoso
A: ♣反  amateur, artless, unprofessional, unskillful

Q:brazen  ['breizən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 蛮横大胆的，厚颜无耻的： marked by contemptuous boldness
A: ♣例  a brazen disregard for the rules 蛮横大胆的对规则漠视
A: ♣近  bold-faced, impertinent, impudent, insolent
A: ♣反  modest, self-effacing, diffident, retiring, timid 谦虚的，胆小的
A: ♠考法2  v. 大胆自信地去面对或从事： to face or undergo with bold self-assurance
A: ♣例  brazened out the crisis 沉着面对危机 || Some people prefer to brazen a thing out rather than admit defeat. 有的人不愿承认失败，而是宁肯厚着脸皮干下去。
A: ♣近  confront, outface, defy
A: ♣反  dodge, duck, shirk, sidestep 躲开，避谈

Q:breach  [bri:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 对伦理、法律准则的破坏： a breaking of a moral or legal code
A: ♣例  cheating on the exam was a serious breach of the military academy's honor code 考试作弊是对军校的荣誉准则的严重破坏
A: ♣近  malefaction, transgression, trespass, violation, wrongdoing
A: ♠考法2  v. 违背： to fail to keep
A: ♣例  a builder being sued by a homeowner for breaching a contract 建筑商因违约被房主起诉
A: ♣近  contravene, fracture, infringe, transgress
A: ♣反  obey, observe, comply with, conform to 遵守

Q:brevity  ['brevəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 简短，简洁： shortness of duration
A: ♣例  the best quality a graduation speech can have is brevity 好的毕业演讲必须简洁
A: ♣近  briefness, conciseness, shortness
A: ♣反  lengthiness 冗长
A: ♠考法2  n. 精炼： the quality or state of being marked by or using only few words to convey much meaning
A: ♣例  if brevity is the soul of wit, then that speech wasn't at all witty 如果说精炼是智慧的灵魂，那么演讲毫无智慧可言
A: ♣近  conciseness, pithiness, sententiousness, terseness
A: ♣反  diffuseness, long-windedness, prolixity, verbosity, wordiness 冗长啰嗦

Q:bribe  [braib]
A: ♠考法1  v. 贿赂，收买： to give something, such as money or a favor, offered or given to a person in a position of trust to influence that person's views or conduct.
A: ♣例  They bribed him to keep quiet about the incident. 他们收买他，希望其保持缄默。
A: ♣近  corrupt, pay off, square

Q:bridle  ['braidl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 限制： to keep from exceeding a desirable degree or level (as of expression)
A: ♣例  try to bridle your criticism next time so that it is helpful and not hurtful 下回控制好批评的语气，让其既顺耳又有益
A: ♣近  check, contain, curb, constrain, inhibit, regulate, restrain, tame, rein in

Q:brim  [brim]
A: ♠考法1  n. 边缘，边界： an upper or outer margin
A: ♣例  The brim of the teacup was banded with gold. 茶杯的边缘被镀上了金。
A: ♣近  borderline, bound, boundary, circumference, confines, edge, frame, fringe, margin, perimeter, periphery, skirt, verge
A: ♣反  center, core, heart, kernel 核心
A: ♠考法2  vi. 充满： to be or become full often to overflowing
A: ♣例  a secondhand bookstore that was brimming with bargains 一个到处都是减价品的二手书店‖eyes brimming with tears 饱含热泪的双眼
A: ♣近  bristle, bulge, burst, bustle, buzz, crawl, hum, overflow, pullulate, swarm, teem
A: ♣反  lack, need, want 缺少，缺乏
A: ♠考法3  vt. 加满，倒满： to put into (something) as much as can be held or contained
A: ♣例  He brimmed the glass with milk, and now I’m afraid that I will spill it. 他向杯子里倒了太多牛奶，我现在担心会不会洒出来。
A: ♣近  charge, cram, heap, jam, load, pack, stuff
A: ♣反  clear, empty, evacuate, vacate, void 清空

Q:brisk  [brisk]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 充满生机，有活力的： marked by much life, movement, or activity
A: ♣例  brisk and concise response 轻快而简洁的回答
A: ♣近  animated, bouncing, bustling, frisky, kinetic, sprightly, vibrant
A: ♣反  lackadaisical, languid, leaden, dead, inactive, lifeless 没有生机的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 刻薄的，言辞或方式尖刻辛辣的： keen or sharp in speech or manner
A: ♣例  a brisk greeting 尖刻的祝贺

Q:bristle  ['brisl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 怒不可遏，咆哮： to express one's anger usually violently
A: ♣例  bristle at the suggestion of gay marriage 对基情怒不可遏
A: ♣近  bluster, fulminate, rampage, fume, storm
A: ♣反  cower 畏缩
A: ♠考法2  v. 供应充足： to be copiously supplied
A: ♣例  starting a new life in New York city bristling with possibilities 在有着无限机会的纽约开始新生活
A: ♣近  brim, overflow, swarm, teem

Q:brittle  ['britl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易碎的，脆弱的，易坏的： easily broken, cracked, or snapped
A: ♣例  as brittle as glass 像玻璃一样脆弱
A: ♣近  crispy, crumbly, flaky, friable
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不热心的，不真心的： lacking in friendliness or warmth of feeling
A: ♣例  a brittle apology that was anything but heartfelt 一个毫不真诚的道歉
A: ♣近  chilly, frigid, frosty, glacial, unfriendly, unsympathetic
A: ♣反  cordial, genial, warmhearted 热心的

Q:broach  [brəutʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 开启，启封： to open for the first time
A: ♣例  broach a keg of beer 开一小桶酒
A: ♣近  break
A: ♣反  close off 关闭
A: ♠考法2  v. 提出讨论： to present or bring forward for discussion
A: ♣例  broached the topic of plans for next year's parade 将明年的游行活动计划摆上讨论日程
A: ♣近  moot, place, raise, bring up

Q:bromide  ['brəumaid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 陈词滥调： a commonplace or hackneyed statement or notion
A: ♣例  a newspaper editorial offering the timeworn bromide that people should settle their differences peacefully 报纸编辑又拿出那一套呼吁和平解决纷争的陈词滥调
A: ♣近  banality, cliché, platitude, homily, truism, chestnut, shibboleth

Q:brook  [bruk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 忍受，容许： to stand for, tolerate
A: ♣例  brook no inference with his plans 不能容忍别人对于他计划的干涉
A: ♣近  abide, countenance, endure, stomach
A: ♠考法2  n. 小溪流： a natural stream of water normally smaller than and often tributary to a river: creek
A: ♣例  there are tiny fish and frogs in that brook 那条小溪里有小鱼还有小青蛙
A: ♣近  creek, rivulet

Q:browbeat  ['braubi:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 恐吓： to intimidate by a stern manner or arrogant speech: bully
A: ♣例  They would often browbeat the younger child until he cried. 他们总是把小朋友欺负到哭为止。
A: ♣近  blackjack, bulldoze, bully, cow, hector, intimidate

Q:bruit  [bru:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （未经证实地）散播消息： to make (as a piece of information) the subject of common talk without any authority or confirmation of accuracy
A: ♣例  It’s been bruited that… 到处传播……
A: ♣近  circulate, whisper, noise about
A: ♣反  keep secret 保持秘密

Q:buck  [bʌk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 阻止，反对： to refuse assent, to refuse to give in to
A: ♣例  buck the system 不遵守制度
A: ♣近  defy, fight, oppose, repel, withstand
A: ♣反  assent to, bow to, submit to, succumb to, surrender to, yield to 赞成，服从
A: ♠考法2  v. 转移，交接： to shift possession of (something) from one person to another
A: ♣例  buck each box to the next person in line 将每一个盒子传给队伍中的后一人
A: ♣近  transfer, hand over

Q:budge  [bʌdʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 改变立场或态度： to alter a position or attitude
A: ♣例  Nothing would budge him. 没有什么可以改变他的主意。
A: ♠考法2  v. 停止抵抗，屈服： to cease resistance (as to another’s arguments, demands, or control)
A: ♣例  despite hours of intense pressure, she refused to budge from her position 尽管被连续施压几小时，她仍旧不肯改变立场
A: ♣近  concede, relent, submit, succumb, surrender
A: ♣反  resist 拒绝，抵抗

Q:bulge  [bʌldʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 凸起： a protuberant or swollen part or place
A: ♣例  bulging eyes 暴鱼眼
A: ♣近  convexity, projection, protrusion, protuberance, swell
A: ♣反  depressed region, cavity, dent, indent, recess, pit 凹陷，坑
A: ♠考法2  n. 比赛中的优势地位： the more favorable condition or position in a competition
A: ♣例  somehow she got the bulge on him in the race for the statehouse 她在州议员竞选中领先了他
A: ♣近  high ground, inside track, upper hand, whip hand
A: ♣反  disadvantage, drawback, handicap, liability 劣势
A: ♠考法3  n. 暴涨，突增，在数目或数量上突然而且是临时性的增加： a sudden, usually temporary increase in number or quantity
A: ♣例  The baby boom created a bulge in school enrollment. 生育高峰造成学校入学人数的暴涨。
A: ♠考法4  v. 充满： to be copiously supplied
A: ♣例  this guidebook to San Francisco positively bulges with useful information 这本对旧金山的指南包含了很多有用信息
A: ♣近  brim, bristle, overflow, swarm, teem

Q:bully  ['buli]
A: ♠考法1  n. 欺凌弱小者： a person who habitually treats others in an overbearing or intimidating manner
A: ♣例  they had to deal with the local bullies 他们要对付当地恶霸
A: ♣近  bullyboy, hector, intimidator
A: ♣反  underdog 被欺负的人
A: ♠考法2  adj. 最好的，最棒的： of the very best kind
A: ♣例  that's a bully idea for reviving the town's retail center 真是个重整镇上零售中心的好主意
A: ♣近  awesome, fabulous, fantastic, superb, marvelous, unsurpassed, excellent

Q:bumble  ['bʌmbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 含糊不清地说，杂乱无章地说： to speak rapidly, inarticulately, and usually unintelligibly
A: ♣例  Overcome with stage fright, I could only bumble through the speech. 由于怯场，我结结巴巴地说完了演讲稿。
A: ♣近  babble, drivel, drool, gabble, gibber, jabber, prattle, sputter
A: ♣反  articulate, enunciate, pronounce 清楚地说
A: ♠考法2  vi. 笨拙地行动： to move, act, or proceed clumsily
A: ♣例  I sort of bumbled through the dance number, hoping that it would soon end. 我笨拙地跟着曲子舞蹈，心里指望着它快点结束。
A: ♣近  blunder, flounder, limp, lumber, plod, struggle, stumble, trudge
A: ♣反  coast, drift, glide, sail, slide （轻松地）行动，滑动

Q:bumptious  ['bʌmpʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 专横傲慢的，自以为是的： having a feeling of superiority that shows itself in an overbearing attitude
A: ♣例  a bumptious young man whose family wealth gave him a sense of entitlement 一个傲慢的富二代 || be bumptious over one’s inferiors 对下级态度傲慢
A: ♣近  assumptive, haughty, imperious, overweeing, peremptory, pompous, presuming, presumptuous, self-assertive, supercilious
A: ♣反  humble, modest, unarrogant, unpretentious 谦虚的，低调的

Q:bungle  ['bʌŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 办糟，失败： to act or work clumsily and awkwardly
A: ♣例  bungle a job 搞砸了一项工作
A: ♣近  boggle, bumble, fumble, mess up, screw up
A: ♣反  bring off 成功

Q:buoy  [bɔi]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使充满勇气和力量，使振作： to fill with courage or strength of purpose
A: ♣例  the sudden improvement in his health buoyed him up 身体的突然好转让他很振奋
A: ♣近  embolden, hearten, inspire, bear up, buck up
A: ♣反  daunt, discourage, dishearten, dispirit 使沮丧，泼冷水

Q:buoyant  ['bɔiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有浮力的： capable of floating
A: ♣例  a buoyant balloon 一个能浮起来的气球
A: ♣反  leaden 沉重的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 心情好的： having or showing a good mood or disposition
A: ♣例  in a buoyant mood 轻松快乐的心情
A: ♣近  blithe, chipper, eupeptic, lightsome, upbeat, winsome, effervescent
A: ♣反  dour, gloomy, morose, saturnine, sullen 沮丧的

Q:burgeon  ['bə:dʒən]
A: ♠考法1  v. 迅速成长扩大，蓬勃发展： to grow and expand rapidly; flourish
A: ♣例  My confidence began to burgeon. 我的信心开始迅速增强。
A: ♣近  accelerate, accumulate, balloon, boom, build up, escalate, mount, multiply, mushroom, proliferate,, roll up, snowball, wax, flourish, prosper
A: ♣反  wane, wither, waste away, subside, subdue 衰退

Q:burlesque  [bə:'lesk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 夸张滑稽地模仿以嘲弄他人的文学艺术作品，恶搞： to copy or exaggerate (someone or something) in order to make fun of
A: ♣例  burlesquing the teacher's nervous tic isn't very nice 恶搞老师紧张的痉挛不是好的行为
A: ♣近  caricature, imitate, mock, parody, spoof, travesty

Q:burnish  ['bə:niʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 擦亮，磨光： to make smooth or glossy usually by repeatedly applying surface pressure
A: ♣例  burnish the knife 磨光刀
A: ♣近  buff, polish, furbish, grind, smoothen

Q:bustle  ['bʌsl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 忙乱，喧闹： noisy, energetic, and often obtrusive activity
A: ♣例  the hustle and bustle of the big city 熙熙攘攘的大都市‖I couldn't concentrate in all the bustle of the student lounge. 学生休息室里过于嘈杂，我无法专心。
A: ♣近  bluster, coil, disturbance, furor, hurricane, pandemonium, stir, storm, tumult, turmoil, uproar, welter, whirl
A: ♣反  calm, hush, peace, quiet, rest, stillness, tranquillity 宁静，祥和；order 秩序
A: ♠考法2  vi. （快速地）行走： to move briskly and often ostentatiously
A: ♣例  the hostess bustled about, taking care of last-minute preparations for the party. 女主人四处走着，为聚会做最后的准备。
A: ♣近  blast, bolt, careen, career, dash, fly, hustle, rush, rustle, speed, whirl
A: ♣反  crawl, creep, lag, poke 缓慢行进

Q:buttress  ['bʌtris]
A: ♠考法1  n. 扶墙： a projecting structure for supporting or giving stability to a wall or building
A: ♣近  anchor, mainstay, pillar, reliance, standby
A: ♠考法2  vt. 提供支撑的证据或者信息： to provide evidence or information for (as a claim or idea)
A: ♣例  a mass of circumstantial evidence buttresses the prosecutor's case 大量支持起诉人案件的证据
A: ♣近  bolster, corroborate, reinforce, substantiate, shore up
A: ♣反  contravene, challenge 反对，质疑

Q:byzantine  [bi'zæntain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 错综复杂的： complicated or secretive, having many parts or aspects that are usually interrelated
A: ♣例  a bill to simplify the byzantine tax structure 一项试图简化繁琐税收制度的提案
A: ♣近  convoluted, intricate, involved, labyrinthine, sophisticated, tangled
A: ♣反  straightforward, plain, simple, uncomplicated 直截了当的，不复杂的

Q:cache  [kæʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 囤货，藏货： a supply stored up and often hidden away
A: ♣例  maintain a cache of food in case of emergencies 保存着食物的隐藏处以防万一
A: ♣近  stash, stockpile, store, deposit, hoard, reserve
A: ♠考法2  v. 隐藏： to put into a hiding place
A: ♣例  cached the fugitive slaves in their cellar until they could make their way to Canada 将奴隶们藏匿在房间的地下室直到他们能够顺利逃去加拿大
A: ♣近  conceal, ensconce, secrete, squirrel away
A: ♣反  display, exhibit 展示

Q:cachet  ['kæʃei]
A: ♠考法1  n. 威望，声望： a mark or quality, as of distinction, individuality, or authenticity
A: ♣例  Federal courts have a certain cachet which state courts lack. 联邦法院拥有州立法院所不具备的威信。
A: ♣近  credit, distinction, esteem, homage, kudos, prestige
A: ♣反  infamy, notoriety 不好的名声

Q:cacophony  [kæ'kɔfəni]
A: ♠考法1  n. 刺耳的声音： loud, confused, and usually inharmonious sound
A: ♣例  the cacophony of a pet store full of animals 宠物商店里各种动物叽叽呱呱的声音
A: ♣近  blare, bluster, clamor, decibel, din, discordance, racket
A: ♣反  quiet, silence, still, stillness 安静

Q:cadge  [kædʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 乞讨，乞求： beg, sponge
A: ♣例  cadge a free cup of coffee 讨到一杯免费的咖啡
A: ♣反  earn 赚钱

Q:cajole  [kə'dʒəul]
A: ♠考法1  v. 哄骗： to urge with gentle and repeated appeals, teasing, or flattery; wheedle
A: ♣例  cajoled her into doing his laundry for him 哄骗她帮他洗衣服
A: ♣近  blandish, blarney, palaver, wheedle, soft-soap, sweet-talk

Q:calamity  [kə'læməti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大灾难： a disastrous event marked by great loss and lasting distress and suffering
A: ♣例  This latest breakdown of the car is inconvenient, but not a calamity. 最近的汽车抛锚确实带来了不便，但还不是一场灾难。‖an economic calamity 金融风暴
A: ♣近  apocalypse, cataclysm, catastrophe, debacle, disaster, tragedy
A: ♣反  benediction, boon, felicity, godsend, manna, windfall 天赐好运，幸事

Q:calcify  ['kælsifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使僵化： to make inflexible or unchangeable
A: ♣例  a leg that calcified 一条麻木僵直的腿
A: ♣近  harden, obdurate, ossify
A: ♣反  make malleable, make pliant, make more flexible 使灵活

Q:calculated  ['kælkjuleitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 经过计算（成败得失）的，经过深思熟虑的： engaged in, undertaken, or displayed after reckoning or estimating the statistical probability of success or failure
A: ♣例  He took a calculated risk and got in on the ground floor of the new enterprise. 他深思熟虑一番之后决定冒这个险，踏出了迈向新计划的第一步。
A: ♣近  advised, considered, deliberate, knowing, measured, reasoned, studied, thoughtful, weighed
A: ♣反  automatic, casual, instinctive, spontaneous, unstudied 随意的，不假思索的

Q:calibrate  ['kælibreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 校准，调校： to check, adjust, or determine by comparison with a standard (the graduations of a quantitative measuring instrument)
A: ♣例  We need to calibrate the sextants navigation. 我们要为航行校准六分仪。
A: ♣近  adjust, align, gauge, graduate, measure
A: ♣派  calibration n. 校准

Q:calligraphy  [kə'liɡrəfi]
A: ♠考法1  n. （优美的）书法： artistic, stylized, or elegant handwriting or lettering
A: ♣例  she specializes in scrollwork with beautiful calligraphy 她很擅长花体字
A: ♣近  longhand, manuscript, penmanship, script

Q:callous  ['kæləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无同情心的, 冷漠的： emotionally hardened; unfeeling
A: ♣例  a callous indifference to the suffering of others 对他人的痛苦的漠不关心
A: ♣近  affectless, uncharitable, unsparing, remorseless, indurate, ruthless
A: ♣反  sympathetic, compassionate, merciful, tender, warmhearted 有同情心的

Q:callow  ['kæləu]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏老练、不成熟的： lacking in adult experience or maturity
A: ♣例  callow young man 未经世事的年轻人
A: ♣近  green, immature, inexperienced, juvenile, unfledged, unripened, puerile
A: ♣反  adult, experienced, grown-up, mature, ripe 成熟的

Q:calumniate  [kə'lʌmnieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 诽谤，造谣，中伤： to utter maliciously false statements, charges, or imputations about
A: ♣近  asperse, blacken, defame, libel, malign, smear, traduce, vilify
A: ♣反  vindicate 辩护
A: ♣派  calumnious 造谣的
A: ♣反  flattering 谄媚的
A: ♣派  calumny n. 诽谤、中伤： a false statement maliciously made to injure another's reputation
A: ♣反  approbation 嘉许

Q:camaraderie  [,kæmə'rɑ:dəri:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 友情： a spirit of friendly good-fellowship
A: ♣例  There is great camaraderie among the teammates. 组员之间有着深厚的情谊。
A: ♣近  brotherhood, comradeship, fellowship
A: ♣反  enmity 敌意

Q:cameo  ['kæmiəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 栩栩如生的描绘： 一种简洁的、生动的描述或刻画： a brief, vivid portrayal or depiction
A: ♣例  a literary cameo 文学描写
A: ♠考法2  v. 客串： to make a brief but dramatic appearance, as in a film
A: ♣例  She cameoed as Anne Boleyn in A Man for All Seasons. 在所有季节的人中她客串安妮?波列思。

Q:camouflage  ['kæmuflɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 伪装： behavior or artifice designed to deceive or hide
A: ♣例  the soldiers must wear protective jungle camouflage while on patrol 士兵们在巡逻的时候必须穿上迷彩服来保护自身安全
A: ♣近  costume, guise, cloak, dress up
A: ♣反  unmask 揭露

Q:canard  [kæ'nɑ:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 谣传，误传： an unfounded or false, deliberately misleading story.
A: ♣例  it's a popular canard that the actress died under scandalous circumstances 有一种广泛的说法声称女演员死于绯闻的压力
A: ♣近  story, whisper

Q:candor  ['kændə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 坦白，直率，诚挚： unreserved, honest, or sincere expression
A: ♣例  the members of the rock band speak with candor about their recent squabbling 摇滚乐队成员对于他们最近的内讧直言不讳
A: ♣近  bluntness, forthrightness, frankness, unreservedness, straightforwardness
A: ♣反  artifice, mendacity, dissembling, dissimulation, indirection 谎言，不直接

Q:canny  ['kæni]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精明的，聪明的： careful and shrewd, especially where one's own interests are concerned
A: ♣例  He is a canny card player who is good at psyching out his opponents. 他是一个善于琢磨对手心思的精明的扑克玩家。
A: ♣近  astute, clever, hardheaded, heady, knowing, savvy, sharp, shrewd, smart
A: ♣反  ignorant, unknowing 无知的；foolish, idiotic, imbecile, moronic, silly, thoughtless, witless 愚笨的

Q:canon  ['kænən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 正教，标准： a basis for judgment; a standard or criterion
A: ♣例  the canons of polite society 文明社会的法规
A: ♣近  dogma
A: ♠考法2  n. 真经，真典： the authentic works of a writer
A: ♣反  apocrypha 伪经
A: ♣派  canonical adj. 正教的： conforming to a general rule or acceptable procedure : orthodox
A: ♣反  heterodox, nontraditional 非正统的
A: ♣派  canonize v. 作为神圣的来对待，使神圣化： to treat as sacred; glorify
A: ♣近  adore, adulate, idolize, deify, worship
A: ♣反  abase, degrade, demean, humiliate 贬低

Q:canonize  ['kænənaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 过分宠爱，过分崇拜： to love or admire too much
A: ♣例  a singing star so canonized by his fans that they refuse to believe anything bad about him 一个受到粉丝疯狂追捧的歌星，他们不会相信任何关于他的负面新闻
A: ♣近  adore, adulate, canonize, dote, worship
A: ♣反  abhor, abominate, belittle, despise, detest, disdain, dislike, disparage, hate, loathe 厌恶，鄙视
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使…崇高，使…神圣： to assign a high status or value to
A: ♣例  Some movie buffs canonized David Fincher as today’s most preeminent director. 一些影迷把大卫?芬奇视作是当今世界上最为出色的导演。
A: ♣近  aggrandize, deify, dignify, elevate, ennoble, enshrine, ensky, enthrone, glorify, magnify
A: ♣反  abase, degrade, demean, humble, humiliate 贬低，瞧不起

Q:canvass  ['kænvəs]
A: ♠考法1  v. 仔细检查或详尽地讨论；审查： to examine carefully or discuss thoroughly; scrutinize:
A: ♣例  “The evidence had been repeatedly canvassed in American courts” 证据已在美国的法庭中反复被审查过。
A: ♠考法2  v. 游说：去（一个地区）的各处或找到（个人）来拉选票或定单： to go through (a region) or go to (persons) to solicit votes or orders
A: ♣例  canvass voters 拉选票
A: ♣近  interview, poll, solicit, survey

Q:capitulate  [kə'pitjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 投降，默许： to give up all resistance; acquiesce; yield
A: ♣例  one side finally capitulated when it became clear that they couldn’t win the argument 意识到他们不能拿下这场辩论后，该方投降了
A: ♣近  budge, concede, relent, submit, succumb, surrender, knuckle under
A: ♣反  resist, oppose 抵抗

Q:caprice  [kə'pri:s]
A: ♠考法1  n. 一时冲动的决定： an impulsive change of mind
A: ♣例  an out-of-character caprice led him to take the day off from work and go to the beach 一时冲动让他决定休假一天，去海滩度假
A: ♣近  crank, fancy, vagary, vagrancy, whimsy
A: ♠考法2  n. 反复无常，善变： an inclination to change one's mind impulsively.
A: ♣例  his knack for picking racetrack winners appears to owe as much to caprice as it does to a canny assessment of horseflesh 他赌马屡赌虑赢，要归功于自己的反复无常而不是对于赛马本身独到精明的评估。
A: ♣近  freakishness, impulsiveness, whimsicalness
A: ♣反  confirmation 确认
A: ♣派  capricious adj. 反复无常的，善变
A: ♣反  steadfast, resolute, constant, pertinacious 坚定不变的

Q:captious  ['kæpʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吹毛求疵的，爱挑毛病的： marked by an often ill-natured inclination to stress faults and raise objections
A: ♣例  a captious and cranky eater who has never met a vegetable he didn’t hate 一个古怪又挑剔的食客，从来就没有他不讨厌的蔬菜
A: ♣近  carping, caviling, critical, faultfinding, hypercritical, judgmental, overcritical
A: ♣反  appreciative 表示欣赏的

Q:captivate  ['kæptiveit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 吸引： to attract and hold by charm, beauty, or excellence
A: ♣例  I was captivated by her brilliant mind. 我被她的才华横溢所吸引。
A: ♣近  allure, beguile, bewitch, enchant, fascinate, magnetize
A: ♣反  repulse 使烦感

Q:cardinal  ['kɑ:dinəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 主要的，非常重要的： of foremost importance; paramount
A: ♣例  the cardinal rule of medicine: do no harm 药物的首要标准就是无害
A: ♣近  dominant, overbearing, overriding, paramount, preeminent, primal, supreme
A: ♣反  minor 次要的

Q:careen  [kə'ri:n]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 蹒跚而行，不稳地行走： to lurch or swerve while in motion
A: ♣例  He careened unsteadily to the couch after hitting his head. 在撞到头以后，他摇摇摆摆地走向沙发。
A: ♣近  dodder, lurch, reel, sway, teeter, totter, waddle, wobble
A: ♠考法2  vi. 狂奔，快速运动： to rush headlong or carelessly
A: ♣例  Sounding its siren, an ambulance careened through the intersection. 救护车响着警笛飞驰通过十字路口。
A: ♣近  blast, bolt, bustle, career, dash, fly, hustle, rush, rustle, speed, whirl
A: ♣反  crawl, creep, lag, poke 缓慢行进

Q:carefree  ['kεəfri:]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无忧无虑的： free from care as having no worries or troubles
A: ♣例  passengers on a luxury cruise ship enjoying a carefree vacation 在豪华游轮上享受着无忧旅途的乘客‖carefree college students on spring break 春假期间无忧无虑的大学生
A: ♣近  blithe, debonair, gay, insouciant, lighthearted, lightsome, slaphappy, unconcerned
A: ♣反  careworn 焦虑的

Q:careworn  ['kεəwɔ:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 伤心焦虑的： showing the effect of grief or anxiety
A: ♣例  a careworn face 忧心忡忡的脸
A: ♣反  lighthearted 心情愉快的

Q:caricature  ['kærikətjuə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 用讽刺歪曲等手法的夸张，漫画，讽刺画： exaggeration by means of often ludicrous distortion of parts or characteristics
A: ♣派  caricaturist n.漫画家
A: ♠考法2  v. 嘲笑性模仿或夸张： to copy or exaggerate (someone or something) in order to make fun of
A: ♣例  caricatured the supervisor's distinctive walk 模仿督导员独特的走路方式
A: ♣近  burlesque, imitate, mock, parody, spoof, travesty

Q:carnal  ['kɑ:nəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 肉体的，物质的： relating to the physical
A: ♣例  seen with carnal eyes 用肉眼看 || carnal remains 遗体
A: ♣近  corporal, corporeal, fleshly, material, somatic
A: ♣反  spiritual 精神的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 世俗的： worldly
A: ♣例  a carnal mind 凡心
A: ♣近  earthborn, mundane, temporal, terrestrial, worldly

Q:carouse  [kə'rauz]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 畅饮，狂饮作乐： to drink liquor freely or excessively
A: ♣例  stay at home instead of going out and carousing with friends 呆在家里而不是出去和朋友们狂饮作乐
A: ♣近  binge, jamboree, revel, roister, wassail

Q:carp  [kɑ:p]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 对小事吹毛求疵，挑剔： to make often peevish criticisms or objections about matters that are minor, unimportant, or irrelevant
A: ♣例  carped about the order of names on the wedding invitations 对于婚礼请柬上的名单顺序吹毛求疵
A: ♣近  cavil, fuss, niggle, nitpick
A: ♠考法2  v. 没完没了地表现不满意： to express dissatisfaction, pain, or resentment usually tiresomely
A: ♣近  gripe, grizzle, grouch, grouse, grumble, wail
A: ♣反  crow, delight, rejoice

Q:carve  [kɑ:v]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 雕刻： to create a three-dimensional representation of (something) using solid material
A: ♣例  carved a statue out of rare marble 用纯的大理石雕刻了一尊雕像
A: ♣近  sculpture
A: ♠考法2  v. （通过长期不懈努力）产生或导致： to produce or bring about especially by long or repeated effort
A: ♣例  finally carved out a niche for the sport in the school's athletic program 在学校运动计划中寻找到了自己的定位 || carve out a way through the enemy 从敌营中杀出一条血路
A: ♣近  forge, grind out, thrash out, work out, work up

Q:cascade  [kæs'keid]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指小的）瀑布： a steep usually small fall of water
A: ♣例  The river forms a series of cascades as it drops a total of 200 feet in elevation. 这条河前后海拔差达200余英尺，故而形成了一系列的小瀑布。
A: ♣近  fall, waterfall
A: ♣反  cataract 大瀑布

Q:cast  [kæst]
A: ♠考法1  n. 演员，演员阵容： a set of characters or persons
A: ♠考法2  vt. 选派（演员）： to assign (as an actor) to a role or part
A: ♣近  He was cast in the leading role. 他是男一号。
A: ♠考法3  vt. 提出： to put forth, give off, to place as if by throwing
A: ♣例  cast doubt on their reliability 对它们的可靠性提出质疑
A: ♣近  discharge, emanate, irradiate, issue, shoot, throw out, give out
A: ♠考法4  v. 抛弃： to get rid of as useless or unwanted
A: ♣例  once she became rich and didn't need them anymore, she cast off all her old friends like so much junk 当她有钱了不再需要朋友了，她把老友像糟粕一样抛弃
A: ♣近  ditch, dump, jettison, toss

Q:castigate  ['kæstiɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 强烈（公开）指责： to criticize harshly and usually publicly
A: ♣例  The author castigated the prime minister as an ineffective leader. 作者谴责首相行政无作为。
A: ♣近  berate, chastise, lambaste, reprimand, reproach, rebuke, vituperate, excoriate, rail (at or against)
A: ♣反  approbate, accolade, extol 认可，赞美
A: ♠考法2  v. 惩罚： to inflict a penalty on for a fault or crime
A: ♣例  a judge who believes in castigating criminals to the full extent of the law 法官认为应该最大程度地惩罚罪犯
A: ♣近  chasten, chastise, correct, discipline, penalize
A: ♣反  excuse, pardon, spare 宽恕

Q:catalyze  ['kætəlaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 成为导火索，导致： to be the cause of (a situation, action, or state of mind)
A: ♣例  a reinstitution of the draft would catalyze protests around the country 草案的提出会激发全国范围的抗议
A: ♣近  breed, beget, effectuate, engender, generate, prompt, spawn, yield, result in , bring (about
A: ♣反  retard, prevent, inhibit 阻挠，抑制
A: ♣派  catalyst n. 催化剂：an agent that provokes or speeds significant change or action
A: ♣例  a catalyst for change of lifestyle 生活方式变化的催化剂
A: ♣反  inhibitor 抑制剂

Q:catastrophe  [kə'tæstrəfi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大灾难： the final event of the dramatic action especially of a tragedy
A: ♣近  apocalypse, calamity, cataclysm, debacle, tragedy
A: ♠考法2  n. 彻底的失败： utter failure : fiasco
A: ♣例  the party was a catastrophe 该派对就是一个杯具
A: ♣近  bummer, debacle, disaster, fiasco, fizzle, washout
A: ♣反  blockbuster, hit, smash, success, winner 大胜

Q:categorical  [,kæti'ɡɔ:rikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没有例外的，无条件限制的，绝对的： being without exception or qualification; absolute
A: ♣例  a categorical denial 完全的否认
A: ♣近  definite, downright, fair, utter, thorough, unalloyed, unconditional, unqualified
A: ♣反  conditional, qualified 有条件的

Q:catholic  ['kæθəlik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 普遍的，包容的： not limited or specialized in application or purpose
A: ♣例  a catholic taste in music 对于音乐的兼容并包的品味
A: ♣近  unlimited, unqualified, unrestricted, unspecialized, all-around (also all-round)
A: ♣反  narrow, limited, restricted, specialized 狭隘的

Q:caustic  ['kɔ:stik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 腐蚀性的： capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action : corrosive
A: ♣例  The chemical was so caustic that it ate through the pipes. 化学性质如此具有腐蚀性，以至于把管道都腐蚀了。
A: ♣反  palliating 减缓的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 挖苦讽刺的，刻薄的： marked by incisive sarcasm
A: ♣例  caustic movie reviews 尖酸刻薄的影评
A: ♣近  acerbic, acrid, barbed, mordant, pungent, sardonic, satiric, scathing, sharp
A: ♣反  genial, smooth, kind, innocuous 和蔼的，（言论，行为等）无害的

Q:caveat  ['kæviæt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 警告，告诫： a warning of a specific limitation of something such as information or an agreement
A: ♣例  a final caveat 最终的告诫
A: ♣近  warning, admonish

Q:cavil  ['kævil]
A: ♠考法1  v. 挑剔，吹毛求疵： to find fault unnecessarily; raise trivial objections :quibble
A: ♣例  Let us not cavil too much. 让我们别太挑剔。 || caviling about the price of a cup of coffee 对一杯咖啡的价钱挑刺
A: ♣近  carp, fuss, niggle, nitpick, quibble

Q:cavort  [kə'vɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 欢快地蹦跳或行走，雀跃： to bound or prance about in a sprightly manner; caper
A: ♣例  Children are cavorting in the sand. 孩子们在沙子中嬉戏。
A: ♣近  caper, disport, frisk, gambol, rollick, romp
A: ♣反  trudge 蹒跚地走

Q:cede  [si:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （根据条约）放弃，割让： to surrender possession of, especially by treaty
A: ♣例  cede the island to America 把岛屿割让给了美国
A: ♣近  relinquish, render, yield, renounce, resign, turn in, turn over, step aside (from), give up, hand over, lay down
A: ♣反  possess 拥有

Q:cellular  ['seljulə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多孔的： containing cavities; having a porous texture
A: ♣例  the cellular construction of a beehive 蜂巢的多孔结构
A: ♣近  porous

Q:cement  [si'ment]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 粘合： a uniting or binding force or influence
A: ♣例  justice is the cement that holds a political community together 正义是让政治个体团结的粘合剂
A: ♣近  cord, knot, link, tie

Q:censor  ['sensə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 审查并删除不良的东西： to examine in order to suppress or delete anything considered objectionable
A: ♣例  censor the news 审查新闻
A: ♣近  bowdlerize, expurgate, red-pencil, clean up
A: ♣派  censorship n. 审查制度

Q:censorious  [sen'sɔ:riəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 挑剔指责的： highly critical.
A: ♣例  censorious comment 尖刻的评论
A: ♣反  eulogistic 赞美的

Q:censure  ['senʃə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 公开表示反对，谴责： to express public or formal disapproval of
A: ♣例  He was censured by the committee for his failure to report the problem. 他因为未上报事故受到了委员会的指责。
A: ♣近  condemn, denounce, objurgate, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, reprehend, pan
A: ♣反  commend, extol, laud, endorse 支持，赞同

Q:census  ['sensəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 户口普查： an official survey of the population of a country that is carried out in order to find out how many people live there and to obtain details of such things as people's ages and jobs
A: ♣近  tale, tally

Q:ceremonious  ['seriməuniəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 讲究礼节的，庄重的： marked by or showing careful attention to set forms and details
A: ♣例  A century ago everyday life was much more ceremonious than in our anything-goes era. 一个世纪之前的生活和我们现在这个随便怎么都无所谓的年代相比，多出了许多要讲究的礼节。
A: ♣近  correct, decorous, formal, nice, proper, punctilious, starchy, stiff, stilted
A: ♣反  casual, easygoing, informal, unceremonious 随意的，不正式的

Q:certitude  ['sə:titju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 确信无疑： the state of being or feeling certain
A: ♣例  I believes with certitude that he is the best candidate for the job. 我确信他是这项工作的最佳人选。
A: ♣近  assurance, assuredness, certainty, confidence, conviction, doubtlessness, positiveness, sureness, surety
A: ♣反  doubt, dubiety, incertitude, uncertainty 不确定

Q:cessation  [se'seiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 终止，暂停： the stopping of a process or activity
A: ♣例  the cessation of the storm was a relief 暴风雪终于停了，真是让人欣慰
A: ♣近  check, cutoff, closure, discontinuance, expiration, halt, shutdown, termination
A: ♣反  commencement, start continuation 开始，继续

Q:chaff  [tʃɑ:f]
A: ♠考法1  v. 开玩笑： to make jokes
A: ♣例  a coworker who likes to chaff at others' expense, and this often results in hurt feelings 这个同事喜欢开别人玩笑，导致伤害他人感情
A: ♣近  banter, gag, jape, jest, quip, wisecrack

Q:chagrin  ['ʃæɡrin]
A: ♠考法1  n. 沮丧，懊恼： disquietude or distress of mind caused by humiliation, disappointment, or failure
A: ♣例  He thought for a minute, anger and chagrin mixing with the embarrassment on his face. 他考虑了一会儿，脸上出现了愤怒、懊恼和尴尬的复杂表情。
A: ♣反  elation, cheerfulness, proud satisfaction, delight 兴高采烈

Q:chameleon  [kə'mi:liən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 变色龙，善变的人：a person who dexterously and expediently changes or adopts opinions
A: ♣例  at the summer resort he acquired a reputation as a social chameleon—someone who could be whatever his hosts wanted him to be 在度假胜地，他解释了一个被称为社交多面手的人，那人可以变成主人想要的任何角色
A: ♣近  chancer, opportunist, temporizer, timeserver, trimmer, weathercock

Q:champion  ['tʃæmpiən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 支持 / n. 支持者： to fight for, defend, or support as a champion
A: ♣例  to champion the cause of civil rights 支持民权事业
A: ♣近  advocate, back, endorse, patronize, plump for
A: ♣反  disparage, impugn, oppose 贬低，反对

Q:channel  ['tʃænəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 水渠： an open man-made passageway for water
A: ♣例  Water was drained from the swamp through a specially constructed channel. 这块沼泽通过一条特殊建造的水渠源源不断地向外输水。
A: ♣近  aqueduct, canal, conduit, course, flume, racecourse, raceway, watercourse, waterway
A: ♠考法2  n. 海峡： a narrow body of water between two land masses
A: ♣例  the world record for swimming the channel between Alaska and Chukotskiy 横渡阿拉斯加和楚科奇之间海峡（也即白令海峡）的世界纪录
A: ♣近  narrows, neck, sound, strait
A: ♠考法3  vt. 将…导向，投入： to cause to move to a central point or along a restricted pathway
A: ♣例  a youth who channeled all of his energy into sports 一个将毕生精力都投入体育之中的少年
A: ♣近  canalize, channelize, conduct, direct, funnel, pipe, siphon

Q:chaos  ['keiɔs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 混乱 a condition or place of great disorder or confusion.
A: ♣例  the boy's room is in such chaos that it looks as though a tornado had struck 小男孩的房间如此得混乱以至于看起来像台风来袭
A: ♣近  disarrangement, dishevelment, disorder, disarray, havoc, mess, muddle, jumble, welter
A: ♣反  order 有秩序
A: ♣派  chaotic adj. 混乱的，无序的：happening in a state of complete disorder and confusion
A: ♣反  strictly structured, strictly featured 构造严谨的，特征严谨的

Q:chaperone  ['ʃæpərəun]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 同行，护送： to go along with in order to provide assistance, protection, or companionship
A: ♣例  Three parents will chaperone the students on the school trip. 本次班级旅行将有三名家长同行。
A: ♣近  accompany, attend, companion, company, convoy, escort, squire
A: ♣反  abandon, desert, ditch, dump, forsake 抛弃，不顾

Q:charade  [ʃə'rɑ:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 装模作样： a display of emotion or behavior that is insincere or intended to deceive
A: ♣例  His concern was a charade. 他的关心只是装模作样。
A: ♣近  disguise, facade, playacting, pretense, put-on, semblance
A: ♠考法2  n. 动作字谜： a game in which words or phrases are represented in pantomime

Q:charisma  [kə'rizmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 魅力，吸引力： a special magnetic charm or appeal
A: ♣例  a movie star with unique charisma 有着独特魅力的电影明星‖The candidate was lacking in charisma. 候选人就是缺乏了点个人魅力。
A: ♣近  allure, appeal, attractiveness, captivation, enchantment, fascination, glamor, seductiveness, witchery
A: ♣反  repulsion, repulsiveness 反感，厌恶
A: ♣派  charismatic adj. 有魅力的，吸引人的

Q:charlatan  ['ʃɑ:lətən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骗子： a person who makes elaborate, fraudulent, and often voluble claims to skill or knowledge; a quack or fraud.
A: ♣例  the famed broker turned out to be a charlatan 一位有声望的经纪人结果是个骗子
A: ♣近  fake, fraud, hoaxer, mountebank, phony, pretender, quack, imposter

Q:chary  ['tʃεəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常谨慎的： very cautious
A: ♣例  chary investors who weren't burned by the dot-com bust 那些没有受到互联网萧条影响的谨慎投资者们
A: ♣近  alert, cautious, circumspect, conservative, gingerly, guarded, heedful, wary
A: ♣反  rash, bold 卤莽的

Q:chase  [tʃeis]
A: ♠考法1  v. 镂雕（金属）以装饰： to decorate (metal) by engraving or embossing.
A: ♠考法2  v. 驱赶： to drive or force out
A: ♣例  chase the cat out of the garden 把猫赶出园子
A: ♣近  banish, dismiss, expel, extrude, kick out, cast out

Q:chasm  ['kæzəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 分歧，意见、利益或忠诚上的明显差异： a pronounced difference of opinion, interests, or loyalty.
A: ♣近  contradiction, dissent, disjunction, discord, conflict, rift, rivalry, dichotomy

Q:chauvinistic  [,ʃəuvi'nistik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 盲目爱国的： having or showing excessive favoritism towards one's own country
A: ♣例  At times I have also been aggressive, chauvinistic and hot-tempered. 我曾经非常好斗，愤青，还脾气暴躁。
A: ♣近  jingoist, jingoistic, nationalistic, superpatriotic

Q:check  [tʃek]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 突然停止，阻止： to arrest the motion of abruptly
A: ♣例  a tree finally checked the skidding car 一辆滑行的车终于被大树停止了
A: ♣近  arrest, stall, bridle, contain, curb, tame, bring up, draw up, hold up, pull up
A: ♣反  propagate, goad, hasten 扩增，驱使，促进
A: ♠考法2  vt. 同意，一致： to be in agreement on every point
A: ♣例  their story of what happened checks with the report of the eyewitness 他们的说法和目击者的供词一致
A: ♣近  accord, cohere, conform, correspond, dovetail, fit, harmonize, jibe, tally
A: ♣反  differ, disagree with 反对

Q:cherished  ['tʃeriʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 受喜爱的，珍爱的： granted special treatment or attention
A: ♣例  a cherished heirloom that has been in the family for generations 在这个家族里流传了几代的为大家喜爱的纺织机‖He described the picture with his wife as his most cherished possession. 他把这张与妻子和合影看作是自己最为珍爱的财富。
A: ♣近  beloved, dear, favored, favorite, fond, loved, pet, precious, special, sweet
A: ♣反  abhorred, abominated, despised, detested, disdained, disliked, execrated, hated, loathed 被厌恶的

Q:cherubic  [tʃe'ru:bik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 天使般可爱的：innocent-looking usually chubby and rosy
A: ♣例  A representation of Cupid as a naked, cherubic boy usually is used as a symbol of love. 丘比特作为小天使般的少年裸体画像被用作爱的象征
A: ♣反  fiendish, devilish 恶魔般的

Q:chicanery  [ʃi'keinəri]
A: ♠考法1  n．诡计多端，欺骗 ：deception by artful subterfuge or sophistry
A: ♣例  Well-doer never does chicanery and person who is good at chicanery does not belong well-doer. 善者不辩，辩者不善。|| He wasn't above using chicanery to win votes. 他不是用欺骗来赢得选票的。
A: ♣近  deception, artifice, legerdemain, wile, subterfuge
A: ♣反  aboveboard action 光明正大的行为；honest dealing诚实的行为；forthrightness坦白

Q:chide  [tʃaid]
A: ♠考法1  v. 责备：to scold mildly so as to correct or improve
A: ♣例  My wife chided me for forgetting to offer our guests some refreshments. 我妻子责备我忘记给客人们点心。
A: ♣近  reprove, reprimand, reproach, tick off
A: ♣反  praise, commend 称赞

Q:chivalrous  ['ʃivəlrəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有骑士风度的，（尤指对女性）彬彬有礼的： marked by gracious courtesy and high-minded consideration(especially to women)
A: ♣例  still engages in chivalrous behavior, such as opening doors for people 仍然坚持着有风度的行为，比如帮别人开门
A: ♣近  big, elevated, gallant, great, greathearted, high, high-minded, lofty, lordly, magnanimous, natural, sublime
A: ♣反  base, debased, degenerate, degraded, ignoble, ignominious, low 品行低劣的，可鄙的
A: ♣派  chivalry n. 骑士风度

Q:choleric  ['kɔlərik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易怒的，暴躁的：easily angered; bad-tempered.
A: ♣例  choleric disposition 易怒的性情 || men of the choleric type take to kicking and smashing易怒的人喜欢踢和打碎东西
A: ♣近  crabby, cranky, irascible, peevish, petulant, bad-tempered, hot-tempered, short-tempered, testy
A: ♣反  difficult to provoke, pacific, placid, calm, serene, tranquil, composed, nonchalant 难以被激怒的，平静的
A: ♣派  choler n. 易怒：ready disposition to irritation : irascibility also : anger
A: ♠考法2  adj. 生气的：feeling or showing anger: angry, irate
A: ♣例  I absolutely get choleric when a salesman calls during the dinner hour. 当一个推销员午休时间打来电话的时候我彻底愤怒了。
A: ♣近  angered, apoplectic, ballistic, enraged, furious, incensed, inflamed, enflamed, infuriated, irate, ireful, outraged, rankled, riled, wrathful
A: ♣反  angerless, delighted, pleased

Q:chorale  [kɔ'rɑ:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. 赞美诗： a hymn or psalm sung to a traditional or composed melody in church
A: ♣例  practiced a chorale to perform in church 练习吟唱要在教堂表演的赞美诗
A: ♣近  anthem, canticle, carol, hymn, paean, psalm, spiritual
A: ♠考法2  n. 合唱班，合唱团： an organized group of singers
A: ♣例  a chorale that is regarded as being among the best in the state 一个被认为是国内一流的合唱班
A: ♣近  choir, chorus, consort, ensemble

Q:chord  [kɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 和谐一致；符合：to be in accord; agree.
A: ♣例  The revised system chords perfectly with the original goals. 新版的系统非常符合最初的目标。
A: ♣近  accord, agree, conform, consist, correspond, dovetail, fit, harmonize, jibe, rhyme, square, tally
A: ♣反  differ from, disagree with

Q:chromatic  [krəu'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 彩色的： relating to colors or color
A: ♣例  the chromatic paintings of Matisse and the other Fauvists 马蒂斯和其他野兽派画家的彩色画
A: ♣近  colored , colorful, motley, multicolored, multihued, varicolored, variegated, kaleidoscopic
A: ♣反  colorless, pallid, blanched 无色的；monochromatic, monochromic, monotone, self-colored 单色的

Q:chronic  ['krɔnik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 经常发生的，复发的：marked by long duration or frequent recurrence
A: ♣例  chronic disease 慢性病
A: ♣近  frequent, usual, routine
A: ♣反  sporadic 偶然发生的；infrequent 不经常的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 习惯性的，不可能改变的：being such by habit and not likely to change
A: ♣例  a chronic smoker who has quit many times 一个戒了很多次烟的老烟民
A: ♣近  inveterate

Q:churl  [tʃə:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. 粗野的人; a rude, boorish person
A: ♣例  By the 19th century, ‘churl’ had a new and pejorative meaning, “one inclined to uncivil or loutish behavior”. 19世纪的时候，churl有了一个新的贬义含义的意思，“一个粗鲁没有教养的人”
A: ♣近  boor, lout
A: ♣派  churlish adj. 粗野的，暴躁的：of, like, or befitting a churl; boorish or vulgar
A: ♣近  crude, coarse, boorish, loutish, uncultured, unpolished
A: ♣反  genteel, complaisance, courtly, polished文雅的，彬彬有礼的；sophisticated 机智圆滑的
A: ♠考法2  n. 吝啬鬼：a mean grasping person who is usually stingy with money
A: ♣例  Don't bother asking a churl for donations. 别自找麻烦向一个吝啬鬼要捐款。
A: ♣近  miser, niggard, skinflint, penny-pincher
A: ♣反  generous/ liberal/ munificent person 慷慨的人；waster, wastrel, spendthrift, prodigal, profligate, dissipater 败家子

Q:cipher  ['saifə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无影响或无价值的人：a person of no importance or influence
A: ♣例  The intern is a mere cipher in the company. 这个实习生在公司里是个无足轻重的小人物。
A: ♣近  dwarf, half-pint, insect, insignificancy, lightweight, morsel, nonentity, nothing, nullity, snippersnapper, whippersnapper, zero
A: ♣反  big shot, big wheel, bigwig, eminence, figure, personage
A: ♠考法2  v. 计算（价值）：to determine (a value) by doing the necessary mathematical operations
A: ♣例  We were surprised by how much we had spent on the cruise after we had ciphered out the grand total. 当我们算出我们沉船游览的总花费时，我们都惊呆了。
A: ♣近  compute, work out
A: ♠考法3  n. 密码： a method of transforming a text in order to conceal its meaning
A: ♣例  convert their messages into cipher 把他们的信息转换成密码
A: ♣近  code, secret message

Q:circuitous  [sə'kju:itəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不直接的：not being forthright or direct in language or action
A: ♣例  We took a circuitous route to the airport so as to avoid the massive traffic jam. 我们走了一条迂回的路线去机场来躲避堵车。
A: ♣近  indirect, circular, roundabout
A: ♣反  direct, straight, straightforward 直接的
A: ♣派  circuity n. 不直接：lack of straightforwardness
A: ♣反  straightforwardness, direction 直接
A: ♠考法2  adj. 冗长的：using or containing more words than necessary to express an idea
A: ♣例  a circuitous explanation for what seems like a fairly basic concept 对一个非常基本的概念的冗长的解释
A: ♣近  circumlocutory, diffuse, long-winded, prolix, rambling, verbose, windy
A: ♣反  compact, concise, pithy, succinct, terse 简洁的

Q:circumlocution  [,sə:kəmlə'kju:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 绕圈子的说话：the use of unnecessarily wordy and indirect language, evasion in speech
A: ♣例  The other son of your parents’ is a circumlocution for your brother. 你父母的其他儿子是你兄弟的绕圈子的说法。
A: ♣近  equivocation, shuffle, tergiversation
A: ♣反  pithy utters, straightforward utter , express succinctly简洁地表达；direct encounter 直接面对
A: ♣派  circumlocutory a. 绕圈子的
A: ♣反  direct 直接的
A: ♠考法2  n. 冗长：the use of too many words to express an idea
A: ♣例  your papers have to be five pages long, but that's five pages of substance, not circumlocution. 你的论文要求是5页，但是那5页都是实质内容，不是废话。
A: ♣近  diffuseness, diffusion, long-windedness, prolixity, redundancy, verbalism, verboseness, verbosity, windiness, wordage, wordiness
A: ♣反  conciseness, concision, pithiness, succinctness, terseness 简洁

Q:circumscribe  ['sə:kəmskraib]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 限制：to limit narrowly; restrict
A: ♣例  Teammates circumscribed his enthusiasm so as not to make the losing side feel worse. 队友们抑制了他的热情为了不让失败者更难过。
A: ♣近  cap, limit, confine, delimit, restrict
A: ♣反  exceed 超过，超越
A: ♠考法2  vt. 包围，围绕：to surround by or as if by a boundary
A: ♣例  fields circumscribed by tall trees 被高树包围的地方 || Circumscribe a circle around a square. 画正方形的外接圆。
A: ♣近  surround, encompass

Q:circumspect  ['sə:kəmspekt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谨慎的；小心的：careful to consider all circumstances and possible consequences: prudent
A: ♣例  The banks should have been more circumspect in their dealings. 银行本应该在它们的交易当中更加谨慎。
A: ♣近  alert, careful, gingerly, guarded, heedful, prudent, cautious, chary, wary
A: ♣反  careless, incautious, unmindful, unwary 不小心，不谨慎的；audacious, reckless 大胆的，鲁莽的

Q:circumvent  [,sə:kəm'vent]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 躲避（不遵从）：to avoid having to comply with (something) especially through cleverness
A: ♣例  circumvent all the red tape 绕过所有官方程序繁文缛节 || He found a way to circumvent the law. 他发现了一个逃避法律的方法。
A: ♣近  avoid, bypass, dodge, sidestep, skirt, get around
A: ♣反  comply with, follow, obey, observe 遵从；confront, direct encounter 直接面对

Q:civility  [si'viləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 彬彬有礼：courteous behavior; politeness
A: ♣例  They greeted us with civility. 他们有礼貌地招呼我们。
A: ♣近  politeness, courtesy, politeness, genteelness, gentility, graciousness
A: ♣反  discourteousness, discourtesy, impoliteness, incivility, rudeness, surliness, ungraciousness 无礼，粗鲁

Q:claim  [kleim]
A: ♠考法1  v. 要求（权利）：to ask for especially as a right
A: ♣例  a fragile claim to fame 对名誉不切实际的要求 || After many years had passed, he suddenly appeared to claim his inheritance. 很多年已经过去，他突然出现要求继承遗产。
A: ♣近  call for, command, quest
A: ♣反  renounce 放弃
A: ♠考法2  v. 断言：to state as a fact usually forcefully
A: ♣例  People claim that they have been kidnapped by aliens. 人们断言称他们被外星人绑架了。
A: ♣近  allege, assert
A: ♣反  deny, gainsay 否认
A: ♠考法3  v. 剥夺生命：to deprive of life
A: ♣例  Cancer claims hundreds of thousands of Americans each year. 癌症每年要剥夺成千上万美国人的生命。
A: ♣反  animate 使有生命
A: ♠考法4  n. 权利：a legal right to participation in the advantages, profits, and responsibility of something
A: ♣例  A shareholder has a claim in the business. 股东在企业有权利（收益权、选举权等）。

Q:clamor  ['klæmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喧闹，喧哗，噪声： loud, confused, and usually inharmonious sound
A: ♣例  A clamor arose from the crowd as the prisoner was brought forward. 当犯人被带上前台时，人群中爆发出一阵骚动。‖the clamor of a dozen people practicing the trumpet at once 一群人同时练习小号时发出的噪音
A: ♣近  blare, bluster, cacophony, clangor, discordance, howl, racket, rattle, roar, tumult, uproar, vociferation
A: ♣反  quiet, silence, still, stillness 寂静；calm, lull, serenity, tranquility 宁静，祥和
A: ♣派  clamorous adj. 喧闹的

Q:clan  [klæn]
A: ♠考法1  n. （有共同爱好的）团体，帮派： a group united by a common interest or common characteristics
A: ♣例  That clan of football fans has parties every weekend on which the New England Patriots play. 只要是新英格兰爱国者队有比赛的周末，那帮球迷就会举行聚会。
A: ♣近  body, bunch, circle, clique, community, coterie, coven, crowd, fold, network, pack, ring, set
A: ♣反  clannish adj. 派系的；团结的

Q:clandestine  [klæn'destin]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 隐藏的，秘密的：kept or done in secret, often in order to conceal an illicit or improper purpose
A: ♣例  their clandestine love affair 他们的秘密恋情
A: ♣近  secret, covert, furtive, surreptitious, sneaky, stealthy, undercover, underground, underhand, underhanded
A: ♣反  open, overt, public 公开的； aboveboard 光明正大的

Q:clarion  ['klæriən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 清楚响亮的：loud and clear
A: ♣例  clarion call for democracy 对民主的高声呼吁 || The Internationale is a clarion call to the labouring people of the world. 《国际歌》是唤起全世界劳动人民的响亮号角。
A: ♣反  soft and indistinct 柔和模糊的

Q:clarity  ['klærəti]
A: ♠考法1  n.清晰、清楚：the quality or state of being clear: lucidity
A: ♣例  Clarity of diction is vital for a XDF teacher. 发音清楚对新东方老师来说是至关重要的。
A: ♣近  clarity, explicitness, lucidity, lucidness, perspicuity, perspicuousness
A: ♣反  obscureness, obscurity, unclarity 模糊，不清晰
A: ♣派  clarify v. 澄清，使清晰：to free of confusion
A: ♣例  clarify his mind 理清思路；clarify a subject 澄清某一问题
A: ♣近  purify, clear, elucidate, explain, illuminate, illustrate
A: ♣反  obfuscate, obscure
A: ♠考法2  n. 清澈透明：the state or quality of being easily seen through
A: ♣例  mountain streams with water of incredible clarity 难以置信般清澈透明的山涧
A: ♣近  clearness, limpidity, limpidness, translucence, translucency, transparency
A: ♣反  cloudiness, opacity, opaqueness, turbidity, turbidness 浑浊，不透明

Q:clasp  [klɑ:sp]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 紧握：the act or manner of holding
A: ♣例  Be careful that your clasp on the cat isn't too tight, or she could get hurt. 注意别抓那只猫太紧，否则她会受伤的。
A: ♣近  clench, grapple, grasp, grip, handgrip, handhold

Q:cleave  [kli:v]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 紧贴，坚持： to adhere firmly and closely or loyally and unwaveringly
A: ♣例  You should resolutely cleave to the facts in your report. 你应该在报道中坚持客观的原则。
A: ♣近  adhere, cling, hew, stick
A: ♣反  defect 叛变
A: ♠考法2  vt. 分隔，割裂： to divide by or as if by a cutting blow
A: ♣例  His spade cleaved the firm sand with a harsh crunch. 他的锹凿开了坚实的砂土，发出尖锐刺耳的嘎扎声。
A: ♣近  cut, decouple, disconnect, disjoin, dissever, dissociate, divide, part, ramify, sever, slice, split, sunder
A: ♣反  join, link, unify, unite 连接，接合

Q:clement  ['klemənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宽容的，善良的：tolerant and kind in the judgment of and expectations for others
A: ♣例  Clement judge reduced the sentence. 仁慈的法官减轻了刑罚。
A: ♣近  charitable, lenient, merciful
A: ♣反  harsh, severe, stern, strict 严厉的,严格的
A: ♣派  clemency n. 仁慈
A: ♠考法2  adj. 气候温和的：marked by temperatures that are neither too high nor too low
A: ♣例  Hawaii is known for its delightfully clement climate. 夏威夷以它宜人的温和气候著称。
A: ♣近  mild, genial, gentle, balmy, equable
A: ♣反  harsh, inclement, severe 严酷的

Q:cliché  ['kli:ʃei]
A: ♠考法1  n./ adj. 陈词滥调（的）：a hackneyed theme, characterization, or situation
A: ♣例  Cliché is a feature of bad news. 拙劣的新闻的特征是使用陈词滥调。
A: ♣近  banality, bromide, platitude, trite, bathetic, hackneyed, stereotypical
A: ♣反  fresh, new, original, creative 新的，创造性的

Q:cling  [kliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 粘结，粘合： a physical sticking to as if by glue
A: ♣例  For certain types of materials that plastic wrap has very little cling. 对于某些材料，那种塑料保鲜袋的粘性不好。
A: ♣近  adherence, bonding, cohesion
A: ♠考法2  vi. 紧贴，支持： to adhere as if glued firmly
A: ♣例  a dozen magnets clinging to the refrigerator 贴靠在冰箱门上的磁石‖continued to cling to the old ideas of child rearing long after they had gone out of fashion 仍然坚持关于抚养孩子的老观念，尽管它们已经过时
A: ♣近  adhere, cleave, hew, stick
A: ♣反  defect 叛变

Q:clog  [klɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 阻碍物：something that makes movement or progress difficult
A: ♣例  impede with a clog 用障碍物阻止
A: ♣近  balk, bar, block, deterrent, drag, fetter, holdback, hurdle, impediment, inhibition, interference, obstacle, obstruction, shackles, stop, stumbling block, trammel
A: ♠考法2  v. 阻碍：to create difficulty for the work or activity of
A: ♣例  They always clog the courts. 他们一直阻挠法庭工作。
A: ♣近  encumber, fetter, hinder, hold back, hold up, impede, inhibit, interfere with, obstruct, shackle, stymie, tie up, trammel
A: ♣反  aid, assist, help 帮助；facilitate 促进
A: ♠考法3  v. 堵塞：to prevent passage through by filling with something
A: ♣例  Within a few years the pipe began to clog up. 没有几年，管子就开始堵塞了。
A: ♣近  block, choke, clot, gum up, jam, obstruct, occlude, stop up, stuff
A: ♣反  clear, free, open up, unblock, unclog, unstop

Q:clot  [klɔt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 密集的一群：a number of things considered as a unit
A: ♣例  A clot of daisies occupied one corner of the flower bed. 一簇雏菊占据了花床的一角。
A: ♣近  array, assemblage, band, block, bunch, cluster, clutch, collection, constellation, grouping, huddle, knot, lot, muster, package
A: ♠考法2  v. 堵塞：to prevent passage through by filling with something
A: ♣例  Within a few years the pipe began to clog up. 没有几年，管子就开始堵塞了。
A: ♣近  block, choke, clog, gum up, jam, obstruct, occlude, stop up, stuff
A: ♣反  clear, free, open up, unblock, unclog, unstop
A: ♠考法3  v. 凝结：to turn from a liquid into a substance resembling jelly
A: ♣例  Scabs form over cuts when your blood starts to clot. 当血液开始凝结的时候，伤口处会形成血痂。
A: ♣近  congeal, jell, jelly

Q:cloudburst  ['klaudbə:st]
A: ♠考法1  n. 突然一场暴雨：a sudden copious rainfall
A: ♣例  The weatherman warned of possible cloudbursts in the afternoon. 天气预报员警告到下午可能有暴雨。
A: ♣近  downfall, downpour

Q:clout  [klaut]
A: ♠考法1  n. 权力，影响力：influence ; pull
A: ♣例  The queen may have privilege but she has no real political clout. 女王有特权, 但无真正的政治影响力。
A: ♣近  power, influence, capacity, heft, leverage
A: ♣反  impuissance, impotence 无力

Q:cloying  ['klɔiiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 甜得发腻的，感情用事的：excessively sweet or sentimental
A: ♣近  lovey-dovey, maudlin, mawkish, saccharine, sentimental
A: ♣反  unsentimental
A: ♣例  the cloying sentiments of so many Mother's Day cards 这么多母亲节贺卡（所蕴含）的甜蜜感情

Q:clumsy  ['klʌmzi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 笨拙的：lacking or showing a lack of nimbleness in using one's hands；a lack of skill and tact
A: ♣例  turn out to be a clumsy sleight of hand 弄巧成拙
A: ♣近  awkward, ham-handed, heavy-handed, maladroit, unhandy, bungling, inept, maladroit
A: ♣反  adroit, deft, dexterous, dexterous, handy 熟练的，灵巧的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不文雅的：lacking social grace and assurance；showing an inability to move in a graceful manner
A: ♣例  be clumsy on the dance floor 在舞池表现不优雅的
A: ♣近  awkward, graceless, ungainly, gauche, inelegant, rustic, ungraceful
A: ♣反  graceful, urbane, refined
A: ♠考法3  adj. 不精致的hastily or roughly constructed
A: ♣例  A clumsy mock-up of the real thing 一个粗糙的实物模型
A: ♣近  rough, unrefined
A: ♣反  refined 精致的

Q:coagulate  [kəu'æɡjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 凝结,使变稠：to cause to become viscous or thickened into a coherent mass : curdle, clot
A: ♣例  The blood coagulates to stop wounds bleeding. 血液会凝结以防止伤口流血。
A: ♣近  clot, congeal, jelly
A: ♣反  melt, liquefy, fluidify, dissolve 融化，溶解；thin 使变稀薄
A: ♣派  coagulant n. 凝结剂：an agent that causes a liquid to coagulate

Q:coalesce  [,kəuə'les]
A: ♠考法1  v.合并,融合to unite into a whole: fuse
A: ♣例  Different units coalesced into one army 不同的党派融合成了一支部队
A: ♣近  associate, coalesce, combine, conjoin, connect, couple, fuse, interfuse, join, link (up), unify, unite
A: ♣反  break up, dissever, section, separate, sever, split, sunder, unlink, disband 分开，解散

Q:coarse  [kɔ:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗糙的，表面不平整的： not having a level or smooth surface
A: ♣例  the coarse surface of the sandpaper 砂纸的粗糙表面
A: ♣近  broken, bumpy, irregular, jagged, lumpy, pebbly, ragged, rough, roughened, rugged, scraggy
A: ♣反  even, flat, level, plane 表面平整的；smooth 表面光滑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （声音）刺耳的： harsh, raucous, or rough in tone
A: ♣例  a coarse laugh from the living room 客厅里传来的一阵刺耳笑声
A: ♣近  croaking, croaky, grating, gravel, gruff, husky, rasping, raspy, rusty, scratchy, throaty
A: ♣反  gentle, gliding, golden, liquid, mellifluent, mellifluous, mellow, soothing, sweet, tender （声音）柔美的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 粗俗的： lacking in delicacy or refinement
A: ♣例  They don't know how to behave, and are coarse and insulting. 他们不知道平常的行为礼节，因此显得粗俗而冒犯。
A: ♣近  crass, crude, gross, incult, lowbred, raffish, rude, uncouth, uncultivated, unpolished, unrefined, vulgar
A: ♣反  civilized, cultivated, cultured, genteel, polished, refined, smooth, tasteful 有教养的，举止得体的
A: ♠考法4  adj. （质量）低劣的： of low, common, or inferior quality
A: ♣例  coarse imitations of quality merchandise 高级商品的粗劣仿制品
A: ♣近  execrable,

Q:coax  [kəuks]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 哄骗：to persuade or try to persuade by pleading or flattery; cajole
A: ♣例  coax a child to take its medicine 哄小孩吃药
A: ♣近  blandish, cajole, wheedle, palaver

Q:coda  ['kəudə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 终曲：the concluding passage of a movement or composition
A: ♣例  A song includes prelude, loud song and coda. 一首歌包括前奏，高潮和尾声。
A: ♣近  finale, epilogue
A: ♣反  overture, prelude 前奏

Q:coerce  [kəu'ə:s]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （以武力）强制：to achieve by force or threat
A: ♣例  be coerced into agreeing 被强迫同意 || A confession was coerced from the suspect by police. 罪犯被警察逼供。
A: ♣近  force, threaten, compel
A: ♣派  coercion n. 强力压迫：the act of persuading someone forcefully to do something that they do not want to do
A: ♣反  voluntary behavior 自愿的行为

Q:coeval  ['kəu'i:vəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 同时代的，同龄的：of the same or equal age, antiquity, or duration
A: ♣例  Two stars thought to be coeval because they have nearly the same mass and brightness. 两个星星同龄因为他们的质量和亮度几乎相同。
A: ♣近  coetaneous, coexisting, concurrent, contemporaneous, simultaneous, synchronic, synchronous
A: ♣反  asynchronous, noncontemporary, nonsimultaneous 不同时的

Q:cogent  ['kəudʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人信服的：appealing forcibly to the mind or reason: convincing
A: ♣例  Six Sigma is one of the most cogent methods for modern enterprises to control quality and optimizing process. “六西格玛”方法是现代企业进行质量控制和工艺优化最令人信服的方法之一。
A: ♣近  convincing, compelling, conclusive, telling, persuasive, satisfying
A: ♣反  unconvincing, unpersuasive 不令人信服的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 相关的：pertinent, relevant
A: ♣例  a cogent analysis 一项相关的研究
A: ♣近  apropos, germane, relative, relevant
A: ♣反  extraneous, irrelevant, impertinent, irrelative 无关的

Q:cognizant  ['kɔɡnizənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 知道的，意识到的：fully informed; conscious; aware
A: ♣例  We are cognizant of the problem. 我们已经意识到了问题。
A: ♣近  aware, conscious, witting, apprehensive, sensible
A: ♣反  oblivious, unconscious, unaware, unmindful 没意识到的
A: ♣派  incognizance n. 不认识，没有知识

Q:cohesive  [kəu'hi:siv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有粘性的，有凝聚力的： exhibiting or producing cohesion or coherence
A: ♣例  a cohesive social unit 有凝聚力的社会个体‖cohesive soils 有粘性的土壤
A: ♣近  adherent, adhesive, clingy, gluey, glutinous, gummy, tacky, tenacious, viscid
A: ♣反  non-adhesive, non-viscous 无粘性的
A: ♣派  cohesion n. 粘结；凝聚力

Q:collaborate  [kə'læbəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 合作： to work jointly with others or together especially in an intellectual endeavor
A: ♣例  The two men collaborated on a blockbuster in 1986 which gained both of them fame. 两人在1986年合作出演了一部十分卖座的电影，由此获得了巨大的名声。
A: ♣近  band, concert, cooperate, concur, conjoin, conspire, join, league, unite
A: ♣反  stonewall 拒绝合作
A: ♣派  collaboration n. 合作，协作

Q:collapse  [kə'læps]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 突然倒塌或收缩：to fall or shrink together abruptly and completely
A: ♣例  President Bush is vowing to rebuild bridge which collapsed last year. 布什总统发誓要重建这座去年坍塌的桥梁。|| One ant-hole may cause the collapse of a thousand-li dyke. 千里之堤，毁于蚁穴。
A: ♣近  compact, condense, constrict, constringe, contract , implode, squeeze
A: ♣反  decompress, expand, open, outspread, outstretch 展开，扩张
A: ♠考法2  n. 完全耗尽体力：a complete depletion of energy or strength
A: ♣例  He suffered a mental collapse under the strain of studying for his bar exam. 他在紧张的律师考试的复习下脑力消耗殆尽。
A: ♣近  exhaustion, tiredness, lassitude, weariness
A: ♣反  refreshment, rejuvenation, revitalization 重新充满活力
A: ♠考法3  v./n. 失败 to be unsuccessful/ a falling short of one's goals
A: ♣例  the legal case collapsed in the face of the opposition's evidence
A: ♣近  defeat, nonachievement, nonsuccess
A: ♣反  accomplishment, achievement, success

Q:collude  [kə'lu:d]
A: ♠考法1  v. 串通，共谋（做坏事）：to act together secretly to achieve a fraudulent, illegal, or deceitful purpose; conspire
A: ♣例  collude with competitors to control the price 与竞争者合谋以控制价格
A: ♣近  connive, conspire, contrive, intrigue, machinate, put up
A: ♣反  act independently 单独行动

Q:colossal  [kə'lɔsəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 巨大的：of a size, extent, or degree that elicits awe or taxes belief; immense
A: ♣例  a colossal waste of public money 对公共财产的巨大浪费
A: ♣近  huge, giant, titanic, gargantuan, mammoth, tremendous, elephantine, prodigious
A: ♣反  tiny, micro, minute, miniature, minuscule, wee, infinitesimal 微小的

Q:coltish  ['kəultiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不守纪律的：not subjected to discipline
A: ♣反  disciplined 遵守纪律的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 爱开玩笑的：given to good-natured joking or teasing
A: ♣例  Off camera the actor is high-spiritedly coltish, but turns serious once the camera starts rolling. 镜头下这个演员是很喜欢开玩笑，但是当镜头开启，他就马上变得严肃了起来。
A: ♣近  antic, frisky, frolicsome, larky, spotftul
A: ♣反  earnest, serious-minded, sober 严肃的

Q:coma  ['kəumə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 昏迷，深度无知觉：a state of profound unconsciousness caused by disease, injury, or poison
A: ♣例  The girl lay in a coma for three days after the accident. 那个女孩在事故之后已经昏迷了三天了。
A: ♣近  insensibility, blackout, knockout
A: ♣反  consciousness, awareness 有知觉
A: ♠考法2  n. 迟钝，冷漠： a state of mental or physical sluggishness : torpor
A: ♣近  sluggish, torpor
A: ♣反  activity, animation 有活力；alacrity 敏捷

Q:combustible  [kəm'bʌstəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可燃的：capable of igniting and burning
A: ♣例  release a combustible gas 释放出可燃性气体
A: ♣近  burnable, combustive, flammable, ignitable, inflammable
A: ♣反  incombustible, nonburnable, noncombustible, nonflammable, noninflammable, unburnable 不可燃的；fireproof 防火的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 容易激动的：easily excited
A: ♣例  a high-strung combustible temper 一碰就火的性格
A: ♣近  excitable, agitable, touchy

Q:comely  ['kʌmli]
A: ♠考法1  n. 漂亮的，吸引人的：pleasing and wholesome in appearance; attractive
A: ♣例  a comely young woman 年轻美丽的女人
A: ♣近  attractive, cute, fair, good-looking, gorgeous, handsome, lovely, pretty, ravishing, well-favored, seemly. stunning
A: ♣反  homely, ill-favored, ugly unattractive, unbeautiful, uncomely, uncute, unhandsome, unlovely, unpleasing, unpretty 不好看的

Q:comity  ['kɔmiti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 友好，社会和谐：friendly social atmosphere ：social harmony
A: ♣例  group activities promoting comity 促进和谐氛围的团队活动 || comity of nations 国际礼节
A: ♣近  compatibility, concord, peace
A: ♣反  conflict, discord, dissension 冲突，不和

Q:commencement  [kə'mensmənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 开始：a beginning; a start.
A: ♣例  There was a large turnout at the commencement of the conference, but the numbers dwindled as it progressed. 在会议开始的时候，有很多人出席。但是随着会议的发展，人慢慢变少了。
A: ♣近  birth, onset, outset, start, genesis, inception, nascence, threshold
A: ♣反  close, conclusion, end, ending 结束
A: ♠考法2  n. 毕业典礼the ceremonies or the day for conferring degrees or diplomas
A: ♣例  The purpose of a commencement speaker is to dispense wisdom. 毕业典礼的演讲者的目的是传播智慧。
A: ♣反  matriculation 录取入学

Q:commend  [kə'mend]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 赞扬：to mention with approbation: praise
A: ♣例  Jason commended his students' studious attitude. Jason表扬了他的学生的用功的态度。
A: ♣近  approbate, praise, acclaim, applaud, compliment, eulogize, extol
A: ♣反  blame, criticize, reprehend, reprobate, chide, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, reprove, censure, admonish berate, deplore, execrate 责备，批评，谴责诅咒，憎恶，痛骂
A: ♠考法2  vt. 委托保管：to entrust for care or preservation
A: ♣例  I commend my fate into your hands. 我的命运就拜托给你了。
A: ♣近  commit, delegate, deliver, entrust, confide, consign, hand over
A: ♣反  hold, keep, retain
A: ♠考法3  vt. 推荐：to recommend as worthy of confidence or notice
A: ♣例  I commend this book to anyone interested in learning more about American history. 我把这本书推荐给所有对美国历史感兴趣的人。

Q:commensurate  [kə'menʃərit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 同样大小的：equal in measure or extent
A: ♣例  Five yards is commensurate with fifteen feet. 5码等于15英尺。
A: ♣近  equal, tantamount
A: ♣反  unequal, disparate, preponderant 不相同的，（重量，重要性，数量上）超过的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 相称的，相当的：corresponding in size or degree; proportionate
A: ♣例  a job commensurate with her abilities 一份与她能力相称的工作
A: ♣近  commensurable, commensurate, proportionate
A: ♣反  disproportionate 不相称的

Q:commingle  [kɔ'miŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 充分混合：to blend thoroughly into a harmonious whole
A: ♣例  Ground waters originating in different beds commingle. 来源于不同层位的地下水相互混合。|| Fact and fiction commingle in the story. 事实和虚构混合成了故事。
A: ♣近  amalgamate, fuse, mix, immix, commix, compound, mingle, immingle, intermingle, intermix, merge
A: ♣反  break down, break up, separate, unmix 分开

Q:commiserate  [kə'mizəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 表示怜悯，同情： to feel or express sympathy
A: ♣例  commiserated over their failure 对他们的失败表示同情‖We commiserated with him but there was little we could do to make the situation better. 我们很同情他的遭遇，但是也只能表示无能为力。
A: ♣近  ache, bleed, compassionate, condole, sympathize, yearn

Q:commitment  [kə'mitmənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 致力，投入：the state or an instance of being obligated or emotionally impelled
A: ♣例  a commitment to a cause 投身于某项事业
A: ♣近  dedication, devotedness, fealty, piety, steadfastness
A: ♠考法2  n. 确信：a strong belief in something
A: ♣近  conviction, belief, faith
A: ♠考法3  n. 承诺，表态：the act of revealing one’s view of
A: ♣例  He made a commitment to pay the rent on time. 他承诺按时交房租。
A: ♣反  ambivalence, equivocation 矛盾，含糊其辞

Q:committed  [kə'mitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 忠诚的： loyal to a belief, organization, or group, and willing to work hard for it
A: ♣例  remain committed to one’s youthful ideal 坚持不懈地追求自己年轻时的理想
A: ♣近  loyal, faithful, allegiant
A: ♣反  disloyal 不忠诚的
A: ♣派  noncommittal adj. 不明确的：giving no clear indication of attitude or feeling
A: ♣例  a noncommittal reply 一个不明确的回答
A: ♣反  confirmable 确定的

Q:commodious  [kə'məudjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宽敞舒适的comfortably or conveniently spacious: roomy
A: ♣例  a commodious closet 宽敞的衣橱
A: ♣近  spacious, roomy
A: ♣反  constricted, cramped, snug, constringed 狭窄的

Q:commonsensical  ['kɔmən,sensikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 符合常识的，有依据的：displaying common sense，based on sound reasoning or information
A: ♣例  The only commonsensical solution would be to divide the children into groups according to age. 唯一合理的解决办法就是按照年龄把孩子分成组。
A: ♣近  justified, logical, rational, reasonable, reasoned, valid, well-founded, levelheaded
A: ♣反  groundless, illogical, invalid, irrational, nonrational, nonsensical, nonvalid, unfounded, uninformed, unjustified, unreasonable, unreasoned, unsound 无逻辑的，不合理的；preposterous 荒谬的

Q:commotion  [kə'məuʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骚乱：an agitated disturbance
A: ♣例  The commotion was created when the nation's top rock band arrived in town. 当顶级摇滚乐队来到小镇时，人们骚乱了。
A: ♣近  tumult, turmoil, pandemonium, hurry-scurry
A: ♣反  tranquility, calmness, quiet, serenity 安静；order 有序

Q:compatible  [kəm'pætəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 一致的，能共存的： capable of existing together in harmony
A: ♣例  I don’t think that they could be compatible as roommates. 我不觉得他们做了室友之后生活会很和谐。‖a theory that is compatible with what we already know about early man 一个与对远古人类的已有知识不存在矛盾的理论
A: ♣近  accordant, coherent, concordant, conformable, congruent, congruous, consonant, harmonious
A: ♣反  conflicting, incompatible, incongruous, inconsistent, inharmonious 有冲突的，矛盾的

Q:compelling  [kəm'peliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极具说服力的： having the power to persuade
A: ♣例  made a compelling argument against military intervention 就反对军事干预提出了很有说服力的论证‖If you can’t present any compelling evidence to prove your innocence, you will be found guilty. 如果你找不出任何能证明你清白的有力证据，你就会被定罪。
A: ♣近  conclusive, convincing, decisive, effective, forceful, persuasive, satisfying, strong, telling
A: ♣反  feeble, weak 说服力不足的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 迫切的，紧迫的： needing immediate attention
A: ♣例  There is no compelling need to raise taxes at this time. 现在没有迫切的提升税率的必要。
A: ♣近  burning, clamant, critical, crying, dire, emergent, exigent, imperative, imperious, importunate, instant, necessitous, pressing, urgent
A: ♣反  minor, negligible, trivial, unimportant 不重要的，琐碎的

Q:compendium  [kəm'pendiəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 摘要：a brief summary of a larger work or of a field of knowledge: abstract
A: ♣例  a compendium of information 资料概要
A: ♣近  abstract, brief, overview
A: ♣派  compendious adj. 简洁而全面的：concise and comprehensive
A: ♣例  his compendious knowledge of this subject 他关于这一学科全面的知识
A: ♣近  concise, brief, laconic, compendiary, succinct
A: ♠考法2  目录：各种项目的列表或集合：a list or collection of various items.
A: ♣例  Compendium of Materia Medica 《本草纲目》
A: ♣近  compilation, miscellany

Q:complacency  [kəm'pleisənsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 自满，无忧患意识：a feeling of self-satisfaction, coupled with an unawareness of trouble
A: ♣例  Complacency is the enemy of study. 自满乃学习之敌。|| A momentary complacency that was quickly dispelled by the shock of cold reality. 短暂的自满很快就被残酷的现实赶跑了。
A: ♣近  conceit, pomposity, pompousness, pride, self-admiration, self-assumption, smugness, vanity
A: ♣反  anxiety 忧虑；humbleness, humility, modesty 谦虚

Q:complacent  [kəm'pleisənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 自满的，自鸣得意的： feeling or showing an often excessive or unjustified satisfaction and pleasure in one's status, possessions, or attainments
A: ♣例  a complacent junior accountant who was certain of her indispensability to the company 一个确信自己对于公司而言无可替代而自满的年轻会计
A: ♣近  assured, consequential, egoistic, overweening, pompous, prideful, proud, smug, vain, vainglorious
A: ♣反  egoless, humble, modest, uncomplacent 谦逊的，谦卑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无所谓的，不关心的： having or showing a lack of interest or concern
A: ♣例  We can't afford to be complacent about rural illiteracy rates. 我们不能对农村的文盲率坐视不理。
A: ♣近  apathetic, casual, disinterested, insouciant, nonchalant, perfunctory, pococurante, unconcerned
A: ♣反  attentive, concerned, heedful, interested, mindful 关注的，感兴趣的
A: ♣派  complacency n. 自满

Q:complaisance  [kəm'pleizəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 愿意顺从，讨好，彬彬有礼：disposition to please or comply: affability
A: ♣例  She speaks with complaisance. 说话彬彬有礼。|| The complaisance of his girlfriend is such that she meekly goes along with everything he says. 他的女朋友讨好他，对他言听计从。
A: ♣例  ♣近  affability, amenability, amiability, good-naturedness
A: ♣反  obstinacy 固执；churlishness 粗野

Q:complementary  [,kɔmpli'mentəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 互补的： mutually supplying each other’s lack
A: ♣例  The complementary contributions of the cooking and cleanup committees were essential to the success of the barbecue. 负责食物和卫生的两个小组之间的相互配合是野炊成功的关键。
A: ♣近  correlative, interdependent, reciprocal, supplemental, supplementary
A: ♣反  contradictory, incompatible 矛盾的

Q:compliant  [kəm'plaiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顺从的：ready or disposed to comply: submissive
A: ♣例  a corrupt regime aided by a compliant television station 一个在顺从的电视台帮助下的腐败政府
A: ♣近  amenable, conformable, docile, submissive, tractable
A: ♣反  balky, contumacious, disobedient, incompliant, insubordinate, intractable, noncompliant, obstreperous, rebel, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, unamenable, ungovernable, unruly, willful, wayward顽固，难驾驭的

Q:complicate  ['kɔmplikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使复杂化： to make complex or difficult
A: ♣例  Don’t complicate matters by getting the parents involved. 不要把父母牵扯进来，这会让问题更复杂。
A: ♣近  complex, embarrass, entangle, ravel, perplex, sophisticate, tangle
A: ♣反  simplify, streamline 简化
A: ♣派  complicated adj. 复杂的，麻烦的

Q:compliment  ['kɔmplimənt]
A: ♠考法1  n./ vt. 称赞，恭维：an expression of praise, admiration, or congratulation
A: ♣例  a man meriting the compliments and homage of his fellows 一个值得他的伙伴们尊敬和称赞的人
A: ♣近  praise, commend, eulogize, extol, laud
A: ♣反  vituperate 责骂
A: ♣派  complimentary adj. 称赞的：expressing or containing a compliment
A: ♣反  vituperative 责骂的
A: ♠考法2  n. 敬意，免费赠送的礼物：formal and respectful recognition : honor
A: ♣例  How about a delicious dessert then, with our compliment? 给您上点甜点怎么样，算是我们小小的敬意。

Q:comply  [kəm'plai]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 遵从：to conform, submit, or adapt (as to a regulation or to another's wishes) as required or requested
A: ♣例  the devices comply with industry standards 设备要遵循工业标准 || There will be penalties against individuals who fail to comply. 谁不遵从谁就会受到惩罚。
A: ♣近  conform, submit, observe
A: ♣反  defy, disobey, rebel against, violate, breach, transgress 违背

Q:compose  [kəm'pəuz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使镇定：to free from agitation: calm
A: ♣例  She took a deep breath and composed herself. 她做了一个深呼吸，控制住了自己的情绪。
A: ♣近  contain, settle
A: ♣反  agitate, discompose, disquiet, disturb, perturb, upset, vex
A: ♣派  composed adj. 镇静的，安定的：free from agitation: calm
A: ♣反  distraught, restless 发狂的，不平静的
A: ♣派  composure n. 镇定：a calmness or repose especially of mind, bearing, or appearance
A: ♠考法2  v. 组成，构成：to form the substance of : constitute
A: ♣例  composed of many ingredients 有很多配料组成
A: ♣近  constitute, comprise, make up

Q:compound  ['kɔmpaund]
A: ♠考法1  n. 混和物：composed of or resulting from union of separate elements, ingredients, or parts
A: ♣例  mixed the chemicals together to form a new compound 将化学试剂混合形成新的化合物
A: ♣近  admixture, alloy, amalgam, amalgamation, cocktail, combination, composite, fusion, intermixture, meld, mix, conflation, synthesis
A: ♠考法2  adj. 混合的：consisting of two or more substances, ingredients, elements, or parts
A: ♣例  a compound word 复合词 || “Steamboat” is a compound noun. “汽船”是一个复合名词。
A: ♣近  amalgamated
A: ♣反  noncompound　非混合的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 混合：to put or bring together so as to form a new and longer whole
A: ♣例  the German language's propensity for compounding words 德语喜欢复合单词
A: ♣近  chain, conjugate, couple, hook, interconnect, interlink, join, link, yoke
A: ♣反  disconnect, disjoin, disjoint, dissever, disunite, separate, unchain, uncouple, unhitch, unyoke 分开
A: ♠考法4  v. 扩大，增多：to make greater in size, amount, or number
A: ♣例  We compounded our error by waiting too long to call for help. 我们等着不寻求帮助会增大我们的错误。
A: ♣近  Aggrandize, amplify, augment, boost, enlarge, escalate, expa

Q:comprehend  [,kɔmpri'hend]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 理解，了解： to grasp the nature, significance, or meaning of
A: ♣例  the age at which children can comprehend the difference between right and wrong 一个小孩可以开始分辨是非的年龄‖With internet, television, cellphone and even radio down, we are unable to comprehend what has happened. 互联网、电视、手机乃至无线电都不起作用了，我们无法获知发生了什么。
A: ♣近  appreciate, apprehend, assimilate, behold, catch, cognize, conceive, discern, grasp, perceive, recognize, savvy, see, seize, sense, understand
A: ♣反  misapprehend, misconceive, misinterpret, misperceive, misunderstand 误解
A: ♠考法2  vt. 包括，包含： to contain or hold within a total scope, significance, or amount
A: ♣例  Our notion of morality should comprehend much more than proper sexual behavior. 我们的道德观不应该仅仅止步于恰当的性行为。
A: ♣近  carry, contain, embrace, encompass, entail, involve, number, subsume, take in
A: ♣反  exclude, leave, omit, preclude 排除，忽略
A: ♣派  comprehensive adj. 全面的，综合的；comprehension n. 理解； comprehensible adj. 可理解的

Q:compress  [kəm'pres]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 压缩（体积）：to reduce in size or volume as if by squeezing
A: ♣例  compress a computer file 压缩电脑文档 || The science textbook compresses a lot of information about human reproduction into a few short chapters. 科学教科书将人类的生殖知识压缩成了几个短章节。
A: ♣近  capsule, collapse, compact, condense, constrict, constringe, contract, shrink, telescope
A: ♣反  increase in volume, decompress, expand, outspread, outstretch 体积增大，扩张；balloon 膨胀

Q:compromise  ['kɔmprəmaiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 妥协：to adjust or settle by mutual concessions
A: ♣例  Eventually we reached a compromise on the number of hours per week that would be devoted to piano practice. 最后我们在每周练琴的时间上妥协了。
A: ♣近  accommodation, negotiation
A: ♠考法2  v. 使危险：to place in danger
A: ♣例  Officials were concerned that his statements would compromise national security. 官员们认为他的言论会危害国家安全。
A: ♣近  hazard, imperil, jeopardy, jeopardize, menace, peril, venture

Q:compunction  [kəm'pʌŋkʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 焦虑：anxiety arising from awareness of guilt
A: ♣例  compunction of conscience 良心不安 || a brutal murderer who killed without compunction 一个野蛮没有良心的杀人犯
A: ♣近  anxiety, misgiving, scruple
A: ♣反  absence of misgiving 不担忧

Q:concatenate  [kɔn'kætineit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 连结，混合：to put or bring together so as to form a new and longer whole
A: ♣例  The movie actually concatenates several episodes from various books into one extended narrative. 这部电影把很多书中的片段混合成了一个故事。
A: ♣近  catenate, chain, couple, hook, interconnect, interlink, join, link, yoke
A: ♣反  disconnect, disjoin, disjoint, dissever, disunite, separate, unchain, uncouple, unhitch, unyoke 分开

Q:concave  [kɔn'keiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 凹的：curved like the inner surface of a sphere
A: ♣例  a concave lens 凹透镜
A: ♣近  dented, depressed, dished, indented, recessed
A: ♣反  bulging, convex, protuberant 凸的

Q:conceal  [kən'si:l]
A: ♠考法1  v. 隐藏，隐瞒：to prevent disclosure or recognition of
A: ♣例  Drunkenness reveal what soberness conceal. 酒后吐真言
A: ♣近  cache, secrete, disguise, mask, occult, ensconce
A: ♣反  display, exhibit 展示；bare, disclose, expose, reveal, uncover, unmask 揭露

Q:concede  [kən'si:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 承认：to grant as a right or privilege
A: ♣例  She grudgingly conceded his point. 她不情愿的承认了他的观点。
A: ♣近  acknowledge, grant, confess
A: ♣反  refuse to grant , deny 拒绝承认，否认
A: ♣派  concession n. 让步: the act of yielding
A: ♣反  aggression 侵犯
A: ♠考法2  v. 停止抵抗：to cease resistance (as to another's arguments, demands, or control)
A: ♣例  He conceded as soon as it became clear that he could not win. 当他明显赢不了的时候他就停止了抵抗。
A: ♣近  capitulate, give in, quit, submit, succumb, surrender
A: ♣反  resist 抵抗

Q:concentrate  ['kɔnsəntreit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 集中：to bring or direct toward a common center or objective : focus
A: ♣例  concentrate one’s efforts 集中精力
A: ♣近  center, focus, rivet
A: ♣反  deploy, dispel, disperse, dissipate 散开，驱散
A: ♠考法2  vt. 浓缩：to make less dilute
A: ♣例  prolonged boiling is required to concentrate the sap when making maple syrup
A: ♣近  condense
A: ♣反  dilute, water down 稀释
A: ♠考法3  v. 聚集：to come together in one body or place
A: ♣例  recent immigrants tend to concentrate in port cities. 进来的移民倾向于聚集在海港城市。
A: ♣近  accumulate, amass, assemble, collect, congregate, garner
A: ♣反  dispel, disperse, dissipate, scatter, break up, disband 驱散，解散

Q:concerted  [kən'sə:tid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 共同完成的：planned or accomplished together
A: ♣例  The ITER project, commendable though it is, should be merely a component of a concerted effort. “国际热核聚变实验堆”计划虽然是值得称赞的，但是它仅仅是（人类）齐心协力的一部分。|| A victory results from the concerted effort of the entire team. 一项成功来自于整个团队的齐心协力。
A: ♣近  collaborative, combined, cooperative, united
A: ♣反  separate 分开的；individual, single, sole, solitary 单独的

Q:conciliate  [kən'silieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 平息，抚慰：to lessen the anger or agitation of
A: ♣例  A principal trying to conciliate the parents who did not receive their tickets to the graduation ceremonies. 校长试着平息这对没有收到他们的毕业晚会门票的家长的气愤情绪。
A: ♣近  appease, pacify, assuage, conciliate, mollify, placate, propitiate, calm (down), ease, soothe, palliate, disarm
A: ♣反  annoy, enrage, vex, nettle, rile, incense, inflame, exasperate, infuriate, discompose, disturb, perturb, upset 烦扰，激怒，打扰
A: ♠考法2  vt. 调解：to make compatible : reconcile
A: ♣例  It will be hard to conciliate the views of labor and management regarding health benefits. 调解劳资双方对于健康保险金的观点很难。
A: ♣近  attune, reconcile, coordinate, accommodate
A: ♣反  discontent 不满；disharmonize 使不和谐
A: ♣派  conciliatory adj. 调和的，安抚的
A: ♣反  contentious 好争吵的；belligerent好战的

Q:concise  [kən'sais]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 简洁的：marked by brevity of expression or statement
A: ♣例  a clear and concise account of the accident 一个清楚间断的事故描述 || Concise Design of Spacecraft Automatic System 航天器自动控制系统简要设计
A: ♣近  aphoristic, compendious, curt, laconic, pithy, succinct, terse, elliptical
A: ♣反  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, long-winded, prolix, verbose, windy, wordy 冗长的

Q:concord  ['kɔŋkɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  n．一致，和睦：harmony or agreement of interests or feelings; accord
A: ♣例  No discord, no concord. 不打不成交
A: ♣近  comity, compatibility, peace
A: ♣反  conflict, discord, dissension, variance 冲突，不和

Q:concrete  [kən'kri:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 实体的，实在的： relating to or composed of matter
A: ♣例  concrete objects like rocks and trees 像石头、树这一类的实物
A: ♣近  physical, substantial, substantive
A: ♣反  airy, diaphanous, gossamery, immaterial, tenuous, thin, vaporous 虚无飘渺的，非实体的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 事实性的，明确的： existing in fact and not merely as a possibility
A: ♣例  Concrete evidence, and not just a theory, must be presented at a trial. 在法庭上需要出示确凿的证据，而非臆测。
A: ♣近  effective, existent, factual, genuine, real, true, very, de facto
A: ♣反  conjectural, hypothetical, ideal, platonic, suppositional, theoretical 猜测的，理论上的

Q:concur  [kən'kə:]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 同意：to express agreement
A: ♣例  concur with an excellent opinion 同意一个好的想法
A: ♣近  agree, coincide
A: ♣反  differ, disagree 不同意
A: ♠考法2  v. 同一时间发生、存在：to occur or exist at the same time
A: ♣例  The race to the moon, the Vietnam War, and the civil rights movement all concurred in the 1960s. 登月，越战和人权运动都发生在二十世纪六十年代。
A: ♣近  coexist, synchronize, co-occur
A: ♠考法3  v. 团结合作：to participate or assist in a joint effort to accomplish an end
A: ♣例  All people concurred to pass the reform legislation 所有人都联合起来使改革的法案通过。
A: ♣近  band together, collaborate, concert, conjoin, league, team up, unite

Q:condemn  [kən'dem]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 谴责（为不道德的、邪恶的）： to declare to be reprehensible, wrong, or evil usually after weighing evidence and without reservation
A: ♣例  a policy widely condemned as racist 一个被广泛谴责为种族歧视的政策‖It is a sign of human progress that slavery, which was once common, is now universally condemned. 曾经很平常的奴隶制如今却沦落到人人谴责的境地，这不能不说是人类文明的进步。
A: ♣近  anathematize, censure, damn, decry, denounce, execrate, reprimand, reprehend, reproach, reprobate
A: ♣反  commend, endorse, extol, laud, praise 赞扬，赞颂

Q:condescending  [,kɔndi'sendiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 摆出高人一等的姿态的：displaying a patronizingly superior attitude
A: ♣例  treat sb. in a condescending manner 以屈尊俯就的态度对待某人
A: ♣近  patronizing
A: ♣派  condescension n. 屈尊俯就：patronizing attitude or behavior

Q:condign  [kən'dain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 应得的，恰当的：deserved, appropriate
A: ♣例  condign punishment 应得的惩罚 || A suspension without pay is condign punishment for breaking the company's code of business ethics 停职是违反公司商业道德准则应得的惩罚。
A: ♣近  due, deserved, merited, justified, warranted
A: ♣反  undeserved, undue, unmerited不应得的

Q:conditional  [kən'diʃənəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有条件的，受制约的： subject to, implying, or dependent upon a condition
A: ♣例  a conditional offer 有条件限制的录取‖Their support is conditional on their approval of his proposals. 他只有让他的提案得到他们的同意才能得到援助。
A: ♣近  contingent, dependent, subject, tentative
A: ♣反  absolute, categorical, unconditional 不受制约的；independent 独立的

Q:condole  [kən'dəul]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 表达同情：to express sympathetic sorrow
A: ♣例  We condole with him on the death of his father. 我们对他父亲的死向他深表同情。
A: ♣近  compassionate, sympathize with, yearn over
A: ♣派  condolence n. 同情; sympathy with another in sorrow

Q:condone  [kən'dəun]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 宽恕，忽视：to overlook, forgive, or disregard (an offense) without protest or censure.
A: ♣例  By his silence, he seemed to condone their behavior. 他的沉默流露出了他对他们行为的宽恕。|| He is too quick to condone his friend's faults. 她太快了以至于忽视了他朋友的过错。
A: ♣近  disregard, ignore, overlook, remit, shrug off, gloss over
A: ♣反  denounce 谴责；exact 强求

Q:conducive  [kən'dju:siv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有益的，有促进的：tending to promote or assist
A: ♣例  be conducive to education 于教育有利的
A: ♣例  The state's long-standing low tax is conducive to entrepreneurship. 政府长期的低税率有利于创业者。
A: ♣近  facilitative, useful
A: ♣反  unhelpful, useless 无用的

Q:confident  ['kɔnfidənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有信心的，自信的：having or showing assurance and self-reliance
A: ♣例  Thicker and fuller hair would make a man more confident at work. 越来越浓密的头发让男人在工作中更加自信。
A: ♣近  assured, self-assured, self-confident
A: ♣反  diffident 不自信的

Q:confine  [kən'fain]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 禁闭，监禁：to shut or keep in, especially to imprison
A: ♣例  The thief was confined in a prison. 小偷被关在监狱里。
A: ♣近  imprison, commit, confine, immure, incarcerate, jail
A: ♣反  discharge, free, liberate, release 释放
A: ♠考法1  v. 限制：to keep within limits
A: ♣例  Please confine yourself to the subject 请不要离题。
A: ♣近  limit, circumscribe, restrict
A: ♣反  exceed 超越，超过

Q:conflagration  [,kɔnflə'ɡreiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大火： a large destructive fire
A: ♣例  All the stock was destroyed in a warehouse conflagration. 仓库里所有的货物都被一场大火烧毁了。
A: ♣近  holocaust, inferno
A: ♠考法2  n. 武装冲突，战争： a state of armed violent struggle between states, nations, or groups
A: ♣例  What began as a skirmish over disputed territory erupted into a conflagration that swept the continent. 这场席卷整个大陆的战争是由之前关于有纠纷的领土的小冲突引发的。
A: ♣近  conflict, war, warfare
A: ♣反  peace 和平；truce 休战

Q:conflate  [kən'fleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 混合： to turn into a single mass or entity that is more or less the same throughout
A: ♣例  The movie conflates documentary footage and dramatized reenactments so seamlessly and ingeniously that viewers may not know what is real and what is not. 电影将纪实档案和娱乐性的夸张如此巧妙无缝地糅合起来，以至于观众不知道哪一部分是真实的，哪一部分是虚构的。
A: ♣近  amalgamate, combine, composite, fuse, homogenize, immingle, incorporate, integrate, interfuse, meld, merge, mingle, mix
A: ♣反  disunite, divide, part, separate, sunder 分离
A: ♣派  conflation n. 合并

Q:confluence  ['kɔnfluəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 汇合，混合：the coming together of two or more things to the same point
A: ♣例  a happy confluence of beautiful weather and spectacular scenery during our vacation 旅途中美好的天气和壮丽的景色令人欣喜的汇合
A: ♣近  conjunction
A: ♣反  divergence 分叉

Q:conform  [kən'fɔ:m]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使协调： bring into harmony or accord
A: ♣例  We have to conform this new rule with existing policy regarding student-run organizations on campus. 我们必须要让这些新规定与现行的校园学生社团的政策相协调。
A: ♣近  accommodate, attune, conciliate, coordinate, key, reconcile
A: ♣反  disharmonize 使不和谐
A: ♠考法2  vt. 调整（以适应）： to change (something) so as to make it suitable for a new use or situation
A: ♣例  I can be funny or serious, for I always conform my behavior to the situation. 我会根据情况调整举止，因此我有时候会很活泼，有时候会很严肃。
A: ♣近  acclimate, acclimatize, accommodate, adjust, condition, doctor, edit, fashion, fit, put, shape, suit, tailor
A: ♠考法3  vi. 遵照，遵从： to be obedient or compliant
A: ♣例  an independent-minded person who refuses to conform to another’s wishes 一个思想独立的拒绝遵照他人的意愿行动的人
A: ♣近  adhere, comply, follow, goose-step, mind, observe
A: ♣反  defy, disobey, rebel 不从，反抗
A: ♣派  conformist n. 墨守成规的人；conformism n. 守旧

Q:confound  [kən'faund]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使困惑： to throw into a state of mental uncertainty
A: ♣例  We are all confounded by his self-contradictory claims. 我们都对他自相矛盾的言论感到困惑
A: ♣近  baffle, bewilder, confuse, muddle, perplex, puzzle
A: ♣反  clarify 使清醒
A: ♠考法2  v. 无法区分，混淆： to fail to differentiate (a thing) from something similar or related
A: ♣例  I think you must have confounded astrology with astronomy. 我想你一定是把占星术和天文学搞混了
A: ♣近  misidentify, mistake, mix up
A: ♣反  discriminate, distinguish 区分
A: ♠考法3  v. 证明为假，证伪：to prove to be false
A: ♣例  new discoveries that confounded much of what archaeologists thought they have known about the ancient Mayan civilization 一些新的发现，它们颠覆了考古学家们长期以来对于古代玛雅文明的认识
A: ♣近  belie, debunk, falsify, disprove, rebut, refute
A: ♣反  confirm, validate, verify 证实，证明为真
A: ♣派  confounding adj. 使人困惑的

Q:confront  [kən'frʌnt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 直接对抗，直面： to come face to face with, especially with defiance or hostility
A: ♣例  You must confront your fear in order to conquer it. 要战胜你的恐惧，就必须首先敢于面对
A: ♣近  affront, brazen, encounter, face, meet
A: ♣反  dodge, duck, parry, shirk, sidestep 躲避
A: ♣派  confrontation n. 对抗，冲突

Q:congeal  [kən'dʒi:l]
A: ♠考法1  v.凝固，固化： to change from a fluid to a solid state by or as if by cold
A: ♣例  The blood had started to congeal. 血液开始凝结了
A: ♣近  coagulate, solidify, indurate, clot
A: ♣反  melt, liquefy 熔化，液化
A: ♣派  congealment n. 凝固

Q:congenial  [kən'dʒi:njəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 和善的，友好的： having or marked by agreement in feeling or action
A: ♣例  a congenial host who invited us for a feast 一位邀请我们美餐一顿的和善主人
A: ♣近  agreeable, amicable, compatible, unanimous, united
A: ♣反  discordant, incompatible 不和睦的，不和谐的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 令人愉悦的： giving pleasure or contentment to the mind or senses
A: ♣例  a couple relaxing in the congenial atmosphere of a luxury health SPA 一对沉浸在奢华水疗寓所中令人愉快气氛里的夫妻
A: ♣近  delightful, dulcet, felicitous, palatable
A: ♣反  unpleasant 令人不悦的
A: ♣派  congeniality n. 友善

Q:congruent  ['kɔŋɡruənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 和谐一致的： being in agreement, harmony, or correspondence; congruous
A: ♣例  a theory congruent with the known facts 一个与已知事实相一致的理论
A: ♣近  consonant, compatible, consistent, harmonious, accordant
A: ♣反  disagreeable 不一致的；conflicting, incompatible 冲突的，不可协调的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 全等的：coinciding exactly when superimposed
A: ♣例  These two triangles are congruent. 这两个三角形是全等的
A: ♣近  identical, exact
A: ♣反  disparate 迥异的
A: ♣派  congruity n. 和谐一致

Q:conjecture  [kən'dʒektʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 揣测的结果： a conclusion deduced by surmise or guesswork
A: ♣例  That was only a conjecture, not a fact. 那只是猜测而非事实
A: ♣近  speculation, supposition, surmise, theory
A: ♣反  fact 事实；axiom 公理
A: ♠考法2  v. 猜测，估计（大小、数量等）： to decide the size, amount, number, or distance of (something) without actual measurement
A: ♣近  calculate, estimate, guess, gauge
A: ♣反  prove 证明
A: ♠考法3  v. （没有依据地）认为： to form an opinion from little or no evidence
A: ♣例  conjecture that this disease is caused by a defective gene 揣测这种疾病是由基因缺陷导致的
A: ♣近  assume, imagine, presume, speculate, suppose

Q:conjure  ['kʌndʒə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 请求，恳求： to charge or entreat earnestly or solemnly
A: ♣例  I conjure you to hear my plea for mercy. 请您发发慈悲吧。‖He conjured them with his dying breath to look after his children. 临终前他恳求他们照顾他的孩子。
A: ♣近  appeal, beseech, besiege, entreat, impetrate, implore, importune, petition, plead, pray, solicit, supplicate
A: ♠考法2  vi. 在脑海中浮现： to form a mental picture of
A: ♣例  With certain flowers I instantly conjure up memories of our Caribbean honeymoon. 这些鲜花让我立即回想起加勒比海的蜜月之旅。
A: ♣近  conceive, dream, envisage, envision, fancy, fantasize, feature, ideate, image, picture, vision, visualize

Q:connive  [kə'naiv]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 暗中合作：to cooperate secretly or have a secret understanding; collude
A: ♣例  They connived to take over the throne. 他们密谋篡位
A: ♣近  conspire, intrigue, plot, collude, intrigue, machinate ,put up
A: ♠考法2  v. 纵容：假装忽视或并未采取措施阻止错误： to pretend ignorance of or fail to take action against something one ought to oppose
A: ♣例  The guards were suspected of conniving at the prisoner's escape. 警卫人员有纵容犯人越狱的嫌疑
A: ♣近  blink, disregard, overlook, wink
A: ♣反  disapprove 反对
A: ♣派  conniver n. 共谋者

Q:connoisseur  [,kɔnə'sə:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 鉴赏家（尤其艺术领域）： a person who enjoys with discrimination and appreciation of subtleties and details especially in matters of culture or art
A: ♣例  a connoisseur of wine and cigarette 烟酒鉴赏的行家
A: ♣近  aesthete, cognoscente
A: ♠考法2  n. 专家： a person with a high level of knowledge or skill in a field
A: ♣例  works that are highly prized by connoisseurs of art glass 被玻璃艺术制品专家高度赞誉的作品
A: ♣近  adept, artist, authority, maestro, master, maven, proficient, virtuoso
A: ♣反  amateur, inexpert, nonexpert 业余者，非专业者；tyro, neophyte 新手

Q:conscientious  [,kɔnʃi'enʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 仔细的，一丝不苟的： taking, showing, or involving great care and effort
A: ♣例  a conscientious researcher 一丝不苟的研究者
A: ♣近  careful, exact, heedful, meticulous, painstaking, scrupulous
A: ♣反  careless, remiss 粗心大意的
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有良心的，正直的： governed by or conforming to the dictates of conscience
A: ♣例  a conscientious police officer 一名有良心的警察
A: ♣近  conscionable, ethical, honest, moral, upright, principled, scrupulous
A: ♣反  unscrupulous 不正直的
A: ♣派  conscience n. 良心

Q:consensus  [kən'sensəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 一致同意： general agreement; unanimity
A: ♣例  The board has finally reached a consensus. 董事会最终达成了一致
A: ♣近  accord, assent, agreement, harmony, unanimity, unison
A: ♣反  disagreement 不同意见

Q:consent  [kən'sent]
A: ♠考法1  n. 同意，赞同： the approval by someone in authority for the doing of something
A: ♣例  We had to get our neighbor’s consent in order to trim the tree from his side. 想要从邻居家那边修剪树木，我们得先得到他们的同意。
A: ♣近  allowance, approval, authorization, clearance, concurrence, granting, license, sanction, warrant
A: ♣反  interdiction, prohibition, proscription 禁止
A: ♠考法2  vi. 同意： to give assent or approval
A: ♣例  consent to being tested in her neurobiology experiment 同意作为被试参加神经生物学的实验‖refused to consent to the marriage 拒绝这桩婚事
A: ♣近  acquiesce, agree, approve, assent, subscribe
A: ♣反  dissent 反对；deny, veto 否决

Q:consequence  ['kɔnsi,kwəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 结果： something produced by a cause or necessarily following from a set of conditions
A: ♣例  negative consequences of the war 战争带来的负面后果
A: ♣近  aftermath, effect, outcome, result
A: ♣反  source, origin, cause, antecedent 根源、原因
A: ♠考法2  n. 重要性，价值：significance; importance
A: ♣例  a mistake of no consequence 不重要的错误
A: ♣近  moment, magnitude, weight
A: ♣反  triviality 琐碎的事
A: ♣派  consequential adj. 重要的

Q:conservative  [kən'sə:vətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 守旧的，不愿改变的： favoring traditional views and values; tending to oppose change
A: ♣例  a conservative political stance 一个守旧的政治立场
A: ♣近  hidebound, reactionary, die-hard
A: ♣反  radical, aggressive 激进的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不招摇的，低调的： not excessively showy
A: ♣例  dressing in conservative outfits so as to make a good impression at job interviews 身着低调得体的套装以期待在面试时留下一个好印象
A: ♣近  muted, repressed, low-key, understated, unpretentious
A: ♣反  flamboyant, ostentatious, splashy 浮夸的，张扬的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 谨慎小心的： having or showing a close attentiveness to avoiding danger or trouble
A: ♣例  He made conservative investments, and so he wasn't ruined when the market went into a free fall. 他只做了一份谨慎保守的投资，以防市场崩盘时不至于破产
A: ♣近  alert, heedful, cautious, circumspect, gingerly, guarded, wary, vigilant
A: ♣反  heedless 不谨慎的，莽撞的

Q:conservatory  [kən'sə:və,tɔ:ri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 温室： a greenhouse for growing or displaying plants
A: ♣例  The college's conservatory is entirely devoted to cultivating and displaying orchids. 学校的温室几乎全部用于兰花的种植和观赏了
A: ♣近  greenhouse, hothouse
A: ♠考法2  n. 艺术学院： a school specializing in one of the fine arts
A: ♣例  an opera conservatory 歌剧学院

Q:conserve  [kən'sə:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 保存，避免浪费： to keep in a safe or sound state, especially to avoid wasteful or destructive use
A: ♣例  conserve natural resources 保护自然资源
A: ♣近  husband, preserve, save
A: ♣反  dissipate, lavish, waste, squander 浪费
A: ♣派  conservation n. 保护

Q:considerable  [kən'sidərəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （数量上）可观（而值得注意）的： sufficiently large in size, amount, or number to merit attention
A: ♣例  a considerable amount of fortune 一笔可观的财富
A: ♣近  extensive, substantial, large-scale
A: ♠考法2  adj. 值得考虑的，重要的：worth consideration; significant
A: ♣例  a considerable artist 一位举足轻重的艺术家
A: ♣近  important, significant, consequential, momentous, weighty
A: ♣反  trivial 不值一提的；insubstantial, negligible, nominal, trifling 不要重的，可忽视的

Q:consign  [kən'sain]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 转交，转移（给他人）： to give, transfer, or deliver into the hands or control of another
A: ♣例  The record shows that the deliveryman had consigned our package to a next-door neighbor. 记录显示邮递员把我们的包裹转投给隔壁邻居了。‖a writer consigned to oblivion 湮没无闻的作家
A: ♣近  commend, commit, confide, delegate, deliver, entrust, hand, recommend, repose, transfer, transmit, vest
A: ♣反  hold, keep, retain 保留

Q:console  [kən'səul]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 安慰，藉慰： to alleviate the grief, sense of loss, or trouble of; comfort
A: ♣例  Only her children could console her when her husband died. 只有她的孩子们才能安抚她失去丈夫的悲痛
A: ♣近  comfort, solace, soothe, calm
A: ♣反  distress, torment, torture 使痛苦
A: ♣派  consolation n. 安慰

Q:consolidate  [kən'sɔlideit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使联合，统一： to join together into one whole; unite
A: ♣例  consolidate several small school districts 合并了几个小的校区
A: ♣近  unify, combine, amalgamate
A: ♣反  dissolve, sunder, fragment 解散
A: ♠考法2  vt. 加固，使安全： to make firm or secure; strengthen
A: ♣例  consolidate the defense line 加固防线
A: ♣近  enhance, strengthen, fortify, reinforce
A: ♣反  abate, attenuate, undermine, weaken 削弱
A: ♣派  consolidation n. 合并；加固

Q:consonant  ['kɔnsənənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 和谐一致的：being in agreement or harmony; free from elements making for discord
A: ♣例  His performance was rarely consonant with his reputation. 他的表现与名气大不相符
A: ♣近  harmonious, compatible, congenial, consistent, congruous, correspondent
A: ♣反  conflicting, dissonant, discrepant, inconsistent 不和谐的，不一致的
A: ♣派  consonance n. 和谐，一致

Q:conspicuous  [kən'spikjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 显而易见的，吸引人的： obvious to the eye or mind, attracting attention
A: ♣例  a conspicuous change in her appearance 她外貌的明显改变
A: ♣近  apparent, clear, distinct, evident, manifest, plain, patent, noticeable
A: ♣反  hidden, concealed 隐藏的
A: ♣派  conspicuousness n. 显然性

Q:conspire  [kən'spaiɔ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 合谋，秘谋： to plan together secretly to commit an illegal or wrongful act or accomplish a legal purpose through illegal action
A: ♣例  A group of POWs conspired to abscond. 一批战俘密谋潜逃
A: ♣近  plot, contrive, connive, cogitate, intrigue, put up
A: ♣派  conspiracy n. 密谋

Q:consternation  [,kɔnstə'neiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 惊愕，恐慌，恐惧： a state of paralyzing dismay
A: ♣例  The two girls stared at each other in consternation without any idea about what to do. 两个小女孩惊恐地望着对方，显得不知所措。
A: ♣近  alarm, apprehension, dread, fear, fright, horror, terror, trepidation
A: ♣反  bravery, courage, dauntlessness, fearlessness, fortitude, intrepidity, stoutness, valor 勇气，无畏

Q:constitute  ['kɔnstitju:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 指派，任命： to appoint to an office, function, or dignity
A: ♣例  He was constituted manager. 他被任命为经理
A: ♣近  nominate, designate, authorize
A: ♣反  discharge, dismiss 撤除职务；abdicate, resign 退位，辞职
A: ♠考法2  v. 构成： make up, form, compose
A: ♣例  Water constitutes the greater part of the human body. 人体中包含着大量的水分
A: ♣近  compose, comprise, form
A: ♣派  constitution n. 构成；宪法；体格

Q:constrain  [kən'strein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 限制：to force by imposed stricture, restriction, or limitation
A: ♣例  Low temperature constrains the chemical reactivity. 低温降低了化学反应活性
A: ♣近  bridle, check, confine, imprison, restrain, trammel
A: ♣反  release 释放
A: ♠考法2  v. 使人屈服于（压力、感情等）：to cause (a person) to give in to pressure
A: ♣例  constrained by his conscience to tell the truth 受他良心的驱使而说实话
A: ♣近  coerce, compel, oblige, sandbag
A: ♣派  constrained adj. 受限的

Q:constrict  [kən'strikt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 压缩，压紧： to make smaller or narrower by or as if by binding or squeezing
A: ♣例  lives constricted by poverty 因为贫穷而拮据的生活‖Severe migraine can be treated with a drug which constricts the blood vessels. 某些能使血管收缩的药物可用来治疗严重的偏头痛。
A: ♣近  capsule, collapse, compact, condense, constringe, contract, narrow, squeeze, telescope
A: ♣反  decompress, expand, open, outspread, outstretch 扩张，使伸展

Q:constringe  [kən'strindʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使紧缩： to make narrow or draw together
A: ♣例  A styptic pencil stopped the bleeding by constringing the small blood vessels at the site of cut. 止血笔通过挤压伤口处的血管阻止了出血
A: ♣近  capsule, constrict, narrow, compress, squeeze, telescope
A: ♣反  broaden, expand, outstretch 扩展，扩宽

Q:construct  [kən'strʌkt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 建造，建立： to form by assembling or combining parts
A: ♣例  construct a new library 建一座新图书馆
A: ♣近  assemble, build, fabricate, make, produce, rear, set up
A: ♣反  demolish, destroy, raze 摧毁
A: ♠考法2  v. 创造，想出： to create or think of by clever use of the imagination
A: ♣例  He managed to construct a theory that fits all the facts. 他成功提出了一个与所有事实相吻合的理论
A: ♣近  contrive, devise, excogitate, fabricate, vamp up
A: ♣派  construction n. 建设，建造

Q:consummate  ['kɔnsə,meit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 专业的，有造诣的： extremely skilled and accomplished
A: ♣例  a consummate liar 一个老练的骗子
A: ♣近  accomplished, finished, virtuosic, versed, veteran
A: ♣反  amateur 业余的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无纰漏的，完美的： complete in every detail; perfect
A: ♣例  The difficult aria displayed her consummate skill. 高难度的咏叹调展示了她完美的技巧
A: ♣近  flawless, impeccable, perfect
A: ♣反  defective 有漏洞的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 最高档次的，最大规模的： of the greatest or highest degree or quantity
A: ♣近  maximum, paramount, supreme, top, utmost
A: ♣反  minimal 最少量的

Q:contagious  [kən'teidʒəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 传染的： communicable by contact; catching
A: ♣例  contagious diseases 传染病
A: ♣近  infectious, pestilent, transmissible
A: ♣反  incommunicable 不传染的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （情绪等）唤起共鸣的：exciting a similar feeling or reaction in others
A: ♣例  The enthusiasm of the new club members was contagious. 新成员的热情具有很强的感染力
A: ♣近  catching, epidemic, spreading
A: ♣派  contagiousness n. 可传染性

Q:contaminate  [kən'tæmi,neit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 染污，掺杂： to soil, stain, corrupt, or infect by contact or association
A: ♣例  Bacteria contaminated the wound. 细菌感染了伤口
A: ♣近  pollute, defile, taint, infect
A: ♣反  purify, sanitize 净化
A: ♣派  contamination n. 污染；contaminant n. 污染物

Q:contemplate  ['kɔntəm,pleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt./vi. 沉思，仔细思索： to view or consider with continued attention
A: ♣例  contemplate the vastness of the universe 沉思着宇宙的广袤无垠‖She contemplated the problem for several hours before reaching a decision. 她苦苦思索了几个小时的问题后才做出决定。
A: ♣近  cogitate, consider, deliberate, meditate, mull, perpend, pore, revolve, ruminate, study, weigh, wrestle
A: ♣反  disregard, ignore, overlook, slight 忽视
A: ♣派  contemplation n. 沉思，思索

Q:contempt  [kən'tempt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 蔑视，鄙视： open dislike for someone or something considered unworthy of one's concern or respect
A: ♣例  my undying contempt for people who abuse animals 我对于虐待动物者的无尽鄙视‖Her contempt for illiterate was obvious. 你可以很明显地看出她对文盲的鄙夷。
A: ♣近  contemptuousness, despisement, despite, despitefulness, disdain, misprision, scorn
A: ♣反  admiration, esteem, estimation, regard, respect, reverence, veneration 尊敬，敬仰
A: ♣派  contemptible adj. 可鄙的；contemptuous adj. 蔑视的

Q:contend  [kən'tend]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 竞争，争夺： to strive or vie in contest or rivalry or against difficulties
A: ♣例  two traditional rivals contending for the championship 两支争夺冠军头衔的老对手
A: ♣近  battle, fight, race, rival, vie
A: ♣反  capitulate, quit, succumb, surrender, give in 投降
A: ♠考法2  vt. 声明，声称： to state as a fact usually forcefully
A: ♣例  contended that his opponent was wrong about practically everything 宣称对手几乎在所有问题上都犯了错误‖that the his considerable experience made him the best candidate 声称因为他见多识广，所以是最佳人选
A: ♣近  affirm, allege, assert, aver, avouch, avow, declare, insist, maintain, profess, protest, purport, warrant
A: ♣反  deny, gainsay 否认

Q:content  ['kɔntent]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使满足： to appease the desires of
A: ♣例  One glass of beer every day could content him. 每天一杯啤酒就能满足他
A: ♣近  satisfy, gratify, rejoice
A: ♣反  discontent 不满足
A: ♠考法2  n. 主题： a major object of interest or concern (as in a discussion or artistic composition)
A: ♣例  Although I appreciate the poem's lyrical qualities, I don't understand its content. 虽然我很欣赏这首诗歌的节奏美，但我无法理解其主题
A: ♣近  motive, subject, theme, topic
A: ♠考法3  n. 内容，内涵： the idea that is conveyed or intended to be conveyed to the mind by language, symbol, or action
A: ♣例  The speech was filled with fancy words but devoid of any real content. 这篇演讲辞藻华丽，但是没什么实质性内容
A: ♣近  intention, purport, sense, significance
A: ♣派  contented adj. 满足的

Q:contentious  [kən'tenʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 引起争论的： likely to cause contention; argumentative
A: ♣例  contentious contents in a movie 电影中引发争论的内容
A: ♣近  controversial, disputatious, polemical, scrappy
A: ♠考法2  adj. 好争论的，好战的：exhibiting an often perverse and wearisome tendency to quarrels and disputes
A: ♣例  The Tartars were a contentious people who terrorized much of Asia and eastern Europe during the Middle Ages. 鞑靼是一个好斗的民族，他在中世纪时期统治了大片亚洲和东欧的土地
A: ♣近  belligerent, bellicose, combative, truculent, litigious, pugnacious
A: ♣反  dovish, peace-loving 爱好和平的

Q:contiguous  [kən'tiɡjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 接壤，相邻的： sharing an edge or boundary; touching
A: ♣例  contiguous nations at war 交战中的邻国
A: ♣近  adjacent, abutting, neighboring, juxtaposed, verging
A: ♣反  apart, separate 分开的
A: ♣派  contiguity 接壤

Q:contort  [kən'tɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 扭曲： to twist, wrench, or bend severely out of shape
A: ♣例  a contorted version of the truth 被歪曲的真相
A: ♣近  deform, distort, warp, misshape
A: ♣派  contortion n. 扭曲

Q:contract  ['kɔntrækt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 契约，合同：a binding agreement between two or more persons or parties, especially one that is written and enforceable by law
A: ♣例  a billion-dollar contract from Department of Defense 来自国防部的巨额合同
A: ♣近  agreement, compact, convention, treaty
A: ♠考法2  v. 收缩：to reduce in size by drawing together; shrink
A: ♣例  contract muscle 收缩肌肉
A: ♣近  compress, condense, concentrate
A: ♣反  expand 扩展；inflate 膨胀
A: ♠考法3  v. 感染疾病：to become affected by a disease or disorder
A: ♣例  contracted a severe cold that later turned into pneumonia 染上了重感冒，最终发展成肺炎
A: ♣近  catch, get, sicken
A: ♣反  heal 痊愈
A: ♣派  contractor n. 承包商

Q:contradict  [,kɔntrə'dikt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 否认，反驳；相矛盾： to assert the contrary of; to imply the opposite or a denial of
A: ♣例  contradict a rumor 反驳谣言‖Your actions contradict your words. 你的行为和你说的话自相矛盾。
A: ♣近  deny, disaffirm, disavow, disclaim, disconfirm, disown, gainsay, negate, negative, refute, reject, repudiate
A: ♣反  acknowledge, admit, avow, concede, confirm 承认
A: ♣派  contradictory adj. 矛盾的，相反的

Q:contravene  [,kɔntrə'vi:n]
A: ♠考法1  v. 违反，反对：to violate, to oppose in argument: contradict
A: ♣例  contravene the proposal with no reservation 毫无保留地反对这一提案
A: ♣近  breach, infringe, transgress, fracture, deny, contradict, gainsay, reject
A: ♣反  uphold, support, buttress 支持；comply, conform, observe 顺从
A: ♣派  contravention n. 反对；违反，触犯

Q:contrite  ['kɔntrait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （因为有罪孽或过错而感到）后悔悲痛的：feeling or showing sorrow and remorse for a sin or shortcoming
A: ♣例  too late to feel contrite 现在后悔已为时已晚
A: ♣近  compunctious, regrettable, remorseful, apologetic, penitent, repentant, rueful
A: ♣反  impenitent, unrepentant 不知悔改的

Q:contrived  [kən'traivd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不自然的，刻意的：lacking in natural or spontaneous quality
A: ♣例  We are bored with the contrived applause of a TV studio audience that has been told when to clap. 摄影棚中的观众会被告知什么时候鼓掌，这种经过精心指挥的掌声让我们倍感困倦。
A: ♣近  affected, assumed, bogus, factitious, feigned, plastic, pretended, pseudo, simulated, unnatural
A: ♣反  artless, natural, spontaneous, unaffected, uncontrived, unfeigned, unforced 真诚的，不虚伪的

Q:contumacious  [,kɔntju:'meiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不服从的，倔强的： stubbornly disobedient; rebellious
A: ♣例  Contumacious insurgents refuse to talk. 不愿服从命令的叛军拒绝对话
A: ♣近  balky, contumacious, defiant, insubordinate, intractable, obstreperous, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, restive, ungovernable, unruly, untoward, wayward, willful
A: ♣反  obedient, docile, ruly 顺从的
A: ♣派  contumacy n. 不服从，反抗

Q:conundrum  [kə'nʌndrəm]
A: ♠考法1  n.无法解决的问题，迷： a paradoxical, insoluble, or difficult problem; a dilemma
A: ♣例  a difficult conundrum even for the experts 一道即便是专家也束手无策的难题
A: ♣近  enigma, mystery, puzzlement, riddle, secret

Q:convalesce  [,kɔnvə'les]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 渐渐康复，渐愈： to recover health and strength gradually after sickness or weakness
A: ♣例  the time needed to convalesce after an operation 手术后需要用来康复的时间
A: ♣近  heal, recover, recuperate, recoup, snap back
A: ♣反  aggravate, deteriorate, intensify 恶化，加剧

Q:convene  [kən'vi:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 召开，召集： to bring together in assembly by or as if by command
A: ♣例  convened the members of the council for an emergency session 召集委员会的成员进入紧急议程
A: ♣近  assemble, call, convene, muster, summon
A: ♣反  disband, dispel, disperse, dissipate, dissolve, squander 驱散，驱逐
A: ♠考法2  vi. 聚集，集合： to come together in a body
A: ♣例  The students convened in the auditorium to hear the principal’saddress. 学生们在大礼堂集合，聆听校长的致辞。
A: ♣近  cluster, collect, concenter, concentrate, conglomerate, congregate, converge, gather, meet, rendezvous
A: ♣派  convention n. 集会，大会

Q:convenience  [kən'vi:njəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 便利，方便： fitness or suitability for performing an action or fulfilling a requirement
A: ♣例  the convenience of living in megacity 住在大城市的便利
A: ♣近  accommodation, amenity, ease, facility
A: ♣反  burden, millstone 负担
A: ♣派  convenient adj. 方便的，便捷的

Q:convention  [kən'venʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 常规，习俗： general agreement on or acceptance of certain practices or attitudes
A: ♣例  By convention, north is at the top of most maps. 按照常规，北方在大多数地图上指向上
A: ♣近  custom, ritual, manner
A: ♣反  deviation 背离习俗
A: ♠考法2  n. 公约，协议： a general agreement about basic principles or procedures
A: ♣例  Under this circumstance Geneva convention does not comply. 此情形下《日内瓦公约》无效
A: ♣近  treaty, agreement, compact, contract
A: ♠考法3  n. 大会，集会： a coming together of a number of persons for a specified purpose
A: ♣例  attended a convention of mathematicians in California 参加了加州数学家的一次集会
A: ♣近  assembly, congress, council, gathering
A: ♣派  conventional adj. 传统习俗上的

Q:converge  [kən'və:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v.汇集，交汇于一点： tending to move toward one point or one another
A: ♣例  the main streets converge on a central square 众主干道在中央广场交汇
A: ♣近  meet, focus, concentrate
A: ♣反  diverge, deviate, digress 分离，分岔
A: ♣派  convergent adj. 汇集的；convergence n. 汇集

Q:conversant  [kən'və:sənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 熟悉的： having frequent or familiar association
A: ♣例  conversant with the accounting system 熟知会计系统
A: ♣近  acquaint, aware, familiar, informed, versed
A: ♣反  ignorant, unfamiliar 无知的，不熟悉的
A: ♣派  conversance n. 熟知，造诣

Q:convert  [kən'və:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 被改变宗教信仰的人： one that is converted
A: ♣近  proselyte
A: ♠考法2  vt.使改变信仰： to bring over from one belief, view, or party to another
A: ♣例  European missionaries converted thousands to Christianity. 欧洲传教士使成百上千的人改信了基督教
A: ♣近  persuade, proselytize, bring, lead
A: ♠考法3  vt. 改变，转化： to alter the physical or chemical nature or properties of especially in manufacturing
A: ♣例  convert water into ice 将水转化成冰
A: ♣近  alter, change, transform, transfigure
A: ♣派  converter n. 转换器；convertible adj. 可转变的; n. 敞篷跑车

Q:convex  [kɔn'veks]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 凸起的： having a surface or boundary that curves or bulges outward, as the exterior of a sphere
A: ♣例  A convex function has the property that a line joining any two points on its graph lies on or above the graph. 凸函数具有如下的性质：其图像上任何两点连线的任何部分都不低于连结两点的函数曲线
A: ♣近  bulging
A: ♣反  dent, concave 凹陷的

Q:convey  [kən'vei]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 运输： to take or carry from one place to another; transport
A: ♣例  goods conveyed by sea 海路运输的货物
A: ♣近  carry, transfer, ferry, transmit
A: ♠考法2  v. 传递，交流： to impart or communicate by statement, suggestion, gesture, or appearance
A: ♣例  struggling to convey his feelings 挣扎着表达他的情感
A: ♣近  conduct, communicate, impart, pass on
A: ♣反  withhold 隐瞒

Q:conviction  [kən'vikʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 深信，确信：the state of being convinced
A: ♣例  a warrior of strong conviction 一名信念坚定的战士
A: ♣近  assurance, certainty, certitude
A: ♣反  dubiety, incredulity; uncertainty, incertitude 怀疑；不确定性
A: ♠考法2  n. 证明有罪：state of being found or proved guilty
A: ♣例  evidence that led to the suspect's conviction 证明嫌疑犯有罪的证据
A: ♣近  sentence
A: ♣反  acquittal 宣告无罪
A: ♣派  convict v. 宣判有罪

Q:convoke  [kən'vəuk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 召集开会： to bring together by or as if by summons
A: ♣例  to convoke Parliament 召开国会
A: ♣近  assemble, convene, summon, muster
A: ♣反  adjourn 休会

Q:convoluted  ['kɔnvə,lu:tid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 复杂的，费解的： complicated; intricate
A: ♣例  a convoluted way of describing a simple mechanism 用令人费解的方法解释一个简单的原理
A: ♣近  complex, knotty, involved, sophisticated, twisted, tangled, labyrinthine
A: ♣反  straightforward 直截了当的

Q:convulsion  [kən'vʌlʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 痉挛（强烈的、无法控制的肌肉收缩）： an abnormal violent and involuntary contraction of the muscles
A: ♣例  Convulsions are usually accompanied by loss of consciousness. 痉挛常常伴随着失去意识
A: ♠考法2  n. 骚乱： a violent disturbance
A: ♣例  a regime in convulsion 动荡中的政权
A: ♣近  commotion, ferment, tumult, upheaval, clamor, tempest, uproar
A: ♣反  serenity, tranquility 宁静
A: ♣派  convulse v. 剧烈震动；痉挛

Q:coop  [ku:p]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 监禁，困于…之中： to confine in a restricted and often crowded area
A: ♣例  Those restless kids were cooped up in the house on a rainy. 雨天那些好动的孩子们被困在房子里
A: ♣近  box, cage, corral, encage, enclose, envelop, fence, hedge, immure, include, pen, wall
A: ♣反  free, liberate, release 释放

Q:copious  ['kəupiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj.丰富的，大量的： large in quantity; abundant
A: ♣例  a copious harvest 大丰收
A: ♣近  plentiful, abundant, ample, gushing
A: ♣反  sparse, dearth, scant 稀少的，缺乏的

Q:coquette  [kɔ'ket]
A: ♠考法1  n. 调情的女子： a woman who makes teasing sexual or romantic overtures; a flirt
A: ♣例  A coquette though she might appear to be at first, Violetta from Verdi’s La Traviata is actually yearning for true love. 乍看之下，威尔第歌剧《茶花女》中的薇奥莱塔是一个轻浮的女子，但实际上她渴望真爱
A: ♣近  vamp, flirt
A: ♠考法2  v. 不认真对待： to deal with something playfully rather than seriously
A: ♣例  interested only in coquetting with her, not marrying her 只想与她保持暧昧关系，而不结婚
A: ♣近  trifle, dally, flirt, mess around
A: ♣派  coquet v. 不认真对待，调情；coquettish adj. 调情的

Q:cordon  ['kɔ:dən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 警戒线： a line or ring of police, soldiers, or vehicles preventing people from entering an area
A: ♣例  a cordon of police 警察围成的警戒线
A: ♣近  perimeter
A: ♠考法2  v. 围城一道防线： to form a protective or restrictive cordon around
A: ♣例  cordoned off the area around the explosion scene 在爆炸现场周边设置警戒线
A: ♣近  close, obstruct, block

Q:cornucopia  [,kɔ:nju'kəupjə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大量：an overflowing store; an abundance
A: ♣例  a cornucopia of employment opportunities 大量的就业机会
A: ♣近  plentitude, plethora, wealth, profusion, affluence
A: ♣反  lack, pittance, deficiency 缺乏，少量

Q:coronation  [,kɔ:rə'neiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 加冕，加冕礼：the act or ceremony of crowning a sovereign or the sovereign's consort
A: ♣例  Two different musical pieces by Mozart (a piano concerto and a mass) are both titled “Coronation”. 莫扎特两部不同的音乐作品（一部钢琴协奏曲和一部弥撒）都被称作“加冕”
A: ♣近  enthronement, crowning
A: ♣反  abdication 退位
A: ♣派  coronate v. 加冕

Q:corporeal  [kɔ:'pɔ:riəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 肉体的： not spiritual
A: ♣例  corporeal suffering 肉体上的折磨
A: ♣近  bodily, carnal, corporal, somatic, physical, fleshly
A: ♣反  spiritual 精神上的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有形的，实体的： not immaterial or intangible
A: ♣近  material, physical, substantial, sensible, tangible
A: ♣反  intangible, disembodied, immaterial 无形的，无实体的

Q:correlate  ['kɔ:rə,leit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使…相关联： to establish a mutual or reciprocal relation between
A: ♣例  a demanding father who always correlated success with hard work 一个总将成功和辛勤工作关联起来的严格父亲‖In this work, we correlate the simulation in the lab and the observation in the field to examine the validity of our theory. 本文中，我们将实验室的模拟结果和场地外的观测数据联系起来以验证理论的真实性。
A: ♣近  connect, identify, link, relate
A: ♣反  separate 分离
A: ♣派  correlation n. 关联，关系

Q:corroborate  [kə'rɔbə,reit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 用证据或权威证实： to support with evidence or authority; make more certain
A: ♣例  new evidence to corroborate the defendant's story 能证实被告的故事的新证据
A: ♣近  confirm, authenticate, justify, substantiate, validate, verify
A: ♣反  controvert, contradict, deny 反驳，否认
A: ♠考法2  vt. 提供证据，支持：to provide evidence or information for (as a claim or idea)
A: ♣例  My personal experience does not corroborate your faith in the essential goodness of people . 我的经历可不赞同你关于“人性本善”的信念
A: ♣近  back, bolster, buttress, reinforce, support
A: ♣派  corroboration n. 证实

Q:corrosive  [kə'rəusiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 腐蚀性的： tending to destroy slowly by chemical action
A: ♣例  Concentrated sulfur acid is highly corrosive. 浓硫酸有极强的腐蚀性
A: ♣近  erosive, caustic
A: ♣反  noncorrosive 无腐蚀性的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 讽刺性的： bitingly sarcastic
A: ♣例  corrosive satire 讽刺性的作品
A: ♣近  sarcastic, barbed, acerbic, satiric, acrid, barbed, mordant, tart
A: ♣派  corrosion n. 侵蚀

Q:corrugated  ['kɔruɡeitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 褶皱的： shaped into a series of regular folds that look like waves
A: ♣例  corrugated paper 褶皱的纸
A: ♣近  wrinkled, creased, folded
A: ♣反  smooth 光滑的
A: ♣派  corrugation n. 褶皱，折痕

Q:cosmopolitan  [,kɔzmə'pɔlitən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有世界性眼光的，包容的： having worldwide rather than limited or provincial scope or bearing
A: ♣例  a cosmopolitan traveler 云游四海的旅行者
A: ♣近  universal, catholic, global, worldwide
A: ♣反  insular, provincial 狭隘的
A: ♣派  cosmopolitism n. 世界主义，天下主义

Q:cosset  ['kɔsit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 宠爱： to treat as a pet; pamper
A: ♣近  caress, cuddle, dote, pet, mollycoddle
A: ♣反  slight 怠慢；abuse 虐待
A: ♣派  cosseted adj. 被宠坏的

Q:countenance  ['kauntənəns]
A: ♠考法1  v. 容忍： to put up with (something painful or difficult)
A: ♣例  The college administration will not countenance cheating. 大学管理部门决不容忍作弊的存在
A: ♣近  abide, endure, stand, stomach, wear
A: ♠考法2  v. 赞成，推崇： to have a favorable opinion of
A: ♣例  I don't countenance such behavior in children of any age. 对于任何年龄的孩子，我都不推崇那种行为
A: ♣近  accept, favor, subscribe
A: ♣反  disapprove, frown 表示反对
A: ♠考法3  n. 沉着，冷静： evenness of emotions or temper
A: ♣例  The doctor’s purposeful countenance was in stark contrast to everyone else's hysteria. 医生带有目的性的沉着与他人的歇斯底里形成了巨大的反差
A: ♣近  aplomb, calmness, composure, sangfroid, serenity
A: ♣反  agitation, discomposure, perturbation 急躁，焦虑

Q:counterfeit  ['kauntəfit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 仿制的，假冒的： made in imitation of something else with intent to deceive
A: ♣例  counterfeit money 假币
A: ♣近  forged, bogus, spurious, pseudo, feigned, artificial, phony
A: ♣反  authentic, genuine 真实的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 仿制： to make a fraudulent replica of
A: ♣例  counterfeit the signature 仿造签名
A: ♣近  copy, forge, imitate, simulate, mimic
A: ♠考法3  vt. 伪装成：to present a false appearance of
A: ♣例  to counterfeit a happy expression while visiting a sick friend 在看望患病的朋友时装出一副高兴的样子
A: ♣近  affect, assume, fake, pretend

Q:countermand  [,kauntə'mɑ:nd]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 取消，撤销： to revoke (a command) by a contrary order
A: ♣例  countermand an order 撤销命令
A: ♣近  annul, repeal, rescind, revoke, cancel
A: ♣反  approve, permit, sanction 批准

Q:counterpart  ['kauntə,pɑ:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. （地位、功能）对等的人或物： one having the same function or characteristics as another
A: ♣例  She worked with her counterpart in the other office to get the job done. 她与另一个办公室的同职人员一起努力完成这项工作。‖U.S. presidents and his British counterpart 美国总统和英国首相
A: ♣近  coequal, compeer, coordinate, equivalent, fellow, like, match, parallel, peer, rival

Q:counterproductive  [,kauntəprə'dʌktiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 反效果的，阻碍预期目标的： not producing or tending to hinder the attainment of a desired goal
A: ♣例  Violence as a means to achieve an end is counterproductive. (W. E. Brock) 用暴力来实现目标往往是事与愿违的。——W. E. 布洛克‖His uncontrollable anger is very counterproductive to his attempt at saving his marriage. 他无法自控的愤怒只会对他拯救婚姻的企图起反作用。
A: ♣近  feckless, hamstrung, ineffective, ineffectual, inefficacious, inefficient, inexpedient
A: ♣反  effective, effectual, efficacious, efficient, expedient, operant 行之有效的

Q:court  [kɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt./n. 追求，献殷勤：to seek the affections of
A: ♣例  court the young lady by bring her flowers every day 通过每天给年轻女孩送花追求女孩
A: ♣近  woo, pursue, invite
A: ♣反  spurn, snub 摒弃，怠慢
A: ♣派  courteous adj. 彬彬有礼的

Q:courteous  ['kə:tjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 礼貌的，恭谦有礼的： marked by polished manners, gallantry, or ceremonial usage of a court
A: ♣例  Their customer service department always gives courteous responses, even to rude people. 哪怕是对粗鲁的消费者，他们的客服部门总是用一种非常有礼貌的态度回复。
A: ♣近  civil, civilized, couth, genteel, gracious, mannerly, suave, urbane, well-bred
A: ♣反  discourteous, ill-bred, ill-mannered, impertinent, impolite, impudent, insolent, rude 粗鲁的，不礼貌的
A: ♣派  courtesy n. 礼貌，恭谦

Q:covert  ['kʌvət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 隐蔽的，秘密的： not openly shown, engaged in, or avowed
A: ♣例  covert alliance 秘密联盟
A: ♣近  cloistered, hidden, secret, sheltered
A: ♣反  open, overt, aboveboard 公开的
A: ♠考法2  n. 隐秘掩护所： a place where a person goes to hide or to avoid others
A: ♣例  set up a covert from which to watch wildlife without being detected 设立了一个隐蔽的野生动物观测点
A: ♣近  concealment, hermitage, hideaway, nest, lair

Q:covetous  ['kʌvitəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贪婪的，渴求财富的：marked by inordinate desire for wealth or possessions or for another's possessions
A: ♣例  cast covetous eyes on their neighbors’ fields 对他邻居的土地垂涎
A: ♣近  acquisitive, avaricious, avid, rapacious, grasping
A: ♣反  easily-satiated 容易满足的；unenvious 不艳羡的
A: ♣派  covet v. 觊觎，贪婪

Q:cow  [kau]
A: ♠考法1  v. 恐吓，威胁： to frighten with threats or a show of force
A: ♣例  cow sb. into doing sth. 威吓某人做某事
A: ♣近  intimidate, browbeat, bully, hector, awe
A: ♣反  embolden, encourage, inspirit 鼓励
A: ♣派  cowed adj. 被吓倒的

Q:cowardice  ['kauədis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 懦弱，不坚定： lack of courage or resolution
A: ♣例  cowardice in the face of danger 面对危险时的懦弱
A: ♣近  cravenness, dastardliness, gutlessness, poltroonery, pusillanimity, spinelessness
A: ♣反  courage, guts, pluck , intrepidness, nerve, stoutness, valiance, valor 勇气
A: ♣派  coward n. 懦夫

Q:cower  ['kauə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 畏缩： to cringe in fear
A: ♣例  The dog cowered under the table. 狗吓得蜷缩在桌子下面
A: ♣近  fawn, flinch, grovel, quail, recoil, wince

Q:coy  [kɔi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 故作羞涩的： affectedly and usually flirtatiously shy or modest
A: ♣例  Not wanting him to know that she was interested in him, she acted very coy at the dance. 她在舞会上故意装得很娇羞的样子，不想让他知道她喜欢他。
A: ♣近  coquettish, demure, kittenish
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不愿与人交往的，内向的： tending to avoid people and social situations
A: ♣例  She was modest without being coy. 她很低调，但又不至于内向。
A: ♣近  backward, bashful, diffident, introverted, modest, recessive, retiring, sheepish, shy, withdrawn
A: ♣反  extroverted, immodest, outgoing 外向的

Q:cozen  ['kʌzən]
A: ♠考法1  v. 诱骗： to mislead by means of a petty trick or fraud; deceive
A: ♣例  The salesman cozened the old lady into buying his goods. 推销员诱使老太太买下了他的东西
A: ♣近  bamboozle, dupe, cheat, deceive, beguile, delude, take in

Q:cramped  [kræmpt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狭促的： uncomfortably small or restricted
A: ♣例  a cramped cubbyhole in an office 办公室里狭小的隔间
A: ♣近  confined, limited, restrained
A: ♣反  commodious, spacious 宽敞的
A: ♣派  cramp n. 狭窄

Q:crass  [kræs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗俗的，愚钝的：so crude and unrefined as to be lacking in discrimination and sensibility
A: ♣例  crass receptionist 粗俗的招待员
A: ♣近  coarse, crude, rude, incult, uncouth, vulgar
A: ♣反  civilized, polished, refined, urbane. genteel 有教养的

Q:crave  [kreiv]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 热望： to have an intense desire for
A: ♣例  crave alcohols and cigarettes 渴望烟酒
A: ♣近  need, yearn, desire, pine, thirst, itch, long, yen
A: ♣反  spurn 摒弃
A: ♣派  craving n. 迫切的渴望

Q:craven  ['kreivən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常懦弱的，因胆小令人鄙视的：lacking the least bit of courage; contemptibly fainthearted
A: ♣例  a craven deserter 一个懦弱的逃兵
A: ♣近  cowardly, gutless, pusillanimous, spineless
A: ♣反  dauntless, fearless, gallant, gutsy, intrepid, stalwart, stout, stouthearted, valiant, valorous 勇敢的

Q:crease  [kri:s]
A: ♠考法1  n. 折痕： a line made by pressing, folding, or wrinkling
A: ♣例  flatten the creases of the map 抚平地图上的折痕
A: ♣近  wrinkle, corrugation, fold, furrow
A: ♣派  creased adj. 有折痕的

Q:credence  ['kri:dəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 坚信： firm belief in the integrity, ability, effectiveness, or genuineness of someone or something
A: ♣例  give credence to gossip 相信绯闻
A: ♣近  belief, credit, faith, trust, reliance
A: ♣反  doubt, skepticism 怀疑

Q:credible  ['kredəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可信的，值得信赖的： worthy of being accepted as true or reasonable
A: ♣例  It’s not perfect, but is at least a credible explanation. 尽管还不算完美，但这好歹也算是可信的解释了。‖a credible account of an accident 事故的可靠报道
A: ♣近  believable, creditable, likely, plausible, presumptive, probable
A: ♣反  implausible, improbable, incredible, unbelievable, unlikely 不可信的，难以置信的
A: ♣派  credibility n. 可靠性，公信力

Q:credit  ['kredit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 信任，信赖： mental conviction of the truth of some statement or the reality of some being or phenomenon
A: ♣例  I give full credit to this report on the prevalence of cheating among college students today. 我非常相信这则有关大学中作弊成风的报道。
A: ♣近  belief, credence, faith, trust
A: ♣反  disbelief, doubt, dubiety, incertitude 不信任，不确定
A: ♠考法2  n. 表扬，赞扬： public acknowledgment or admiration for an achievement
A: ♣例  She deserves all the credit, since she did all the work. 是她完成了所有的工作，因此荣誉都应该归她所有。
A: ♣近  acclaim, accolade, applause, commendation, distinction, endorsement, homage, honor, kudos, laud
A: ♣反  denunciation, excoriation, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, reproof, stricture 谴责，责难

Q:credulous  ['kredjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻信的，易受骗的： disposed to believe too readily; gullible
A: ♣例  accused of swindling credulous investors 被控欺骗轻信的投资者
A: ♣近  believing, unwary, gullible, na?ve, unsuspecting
A: ♣反  disbelieving, skeptical 怀疑的
A: ♣派  credulity n. 轻信

Q:creek  [kri:k]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小溪，小河： a natural stream of water normally smaller than and often tributary to a river
A: ♣例  went wading in the creek 在小溪中涉水而行
A: ♣近  stream, branch, brook, rivulet

Q:creep  [kri:p]
A: ♠考法1  vi./n.缓慢地行进： to go very slowly
A: ♣例  creeping through the crowd 在人潮中缓慢前行
A: ♣近  drag, loiter, tarry
A: ♣反  scurry, run 快步走，跑
A: ♠考法2  vi.匍匐前进：to move slowly with the body close to the ground
A: ♣例  The kitten crept silently across the floor before suddenly pouncing on the mouse. 小猫静静地匍匐穿过地板，然后突然向老鼠发起猛扑
A: ♣近  crawl, grovel, slide, slither
A: ♣反  swagger 昂首阔步

Q:crescendo  [kri'ʃendəu]
A: ♠考法1  n./v.（声音）渐强： a gradual increase in volume of a musical passage
A: ♣例  The movement begins with a crescendo of a clarinet. 乐章伴随着渐强的单簧管奏响
A: ♣反  decrescendo （声音）渐弱
A: ♠考法2  n. （渐强之后到达的）顶峰：the peak of a gradual increase
A: ♣例  complaints about stifling smog conditions reach a crescendo 对于让人窒息的烟雾的抱怨到达了顶峰
A: ♣近  apex, acme, apogee, climax, peak, pinnacle, summit, zenith
A: ♣反  nadir 最低点

Q:crest  [krest]
A: ♠考法1  n. 顶部，浪尖：the top, as of a hill or wave
A: ♣例  on the crest of a wave 如日中天，非常成功
A: ♣近  apex, acme, apogee, climax, peak, pinnacle, summit, zenith
A: ♣反  bottom 底部

Q:crestfallen  ['krest,fɔ:lən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 垂头丧气的，沮丧的： dispirited and depressed; dejected
A: ♣例  be crestfallen at the failure 因失败而垂头丧气
A: ♣近  downcast, dispirited, low, gloomy, melancholic, sorrowful, woeful
A: ♣反  elated, buoyant, excited, exhilarated, exultant 激动的，欢悦的

Q:cronyism  ['krəuniizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 任人唯亲，对好朋友的偏袒： favoritism shown to old friends without regard for their qualifications
A: ♣例  officials practicing cronyism 任人唯亲的官员
A: ♣近  favoritism

Q:crook  [kruk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使弯曲： to cause to turn away from a straight line
A: ♣例  crook your finger to pull the trigger 弯曲你的手指来扣动扳机
A: ♣近  arch, bow, crook, curve, hook, swerve
A: ♣反  straighten, unbend, uncurl 拉直，伸直

Q:croon  [kru:n]
A: ♠考法1  v. 低声歌唱或说话： to sing or speak in a gentle murmuring manner
A: ♣例  croon mellow tunes 低声唱柔和的调子
A: ♣近  whisper, grumble, mumble, murmur
A: ♣反  shout, yell 大声喊叫

Q:crouch  [krautʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 蹲伏： to lower the body stance especially by bending the legs
A: ♣例  crouched behind a rock and watched vigilantly 蹲伏石头后紧惕地观察
A: ♣近  huddle, squat
A: ♣反  arise, stand 站立

Q:crow  [krəu]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 感到高兴： to feel or express joy or triumph
A: ♣例  Being the home of the new Super Bowl champs was the first thing that city residents had to crow about in a very long time. 当地的队伍获得超级碗冠军队伍是这个城市居民长期以来得以感到高兴的第一件事情。
A: ♣近  delight, exuberate, glory, jubilate, joy, rejoice, triumph
A: ♣反  bemoan, bewail, grieve, lament, weep 感到悲伤，叹息
A: ♠考法2  vi. 自鸣得意： to praise or express pride in one's own possessions, qualities, or accomplishments often to excess
A: ♣例  He is already crowing over his victory. 他已经在那里为自己的胜利而自鸣得意了。
A: ♣近  blow, brag, swagger, vapor, vaunt

Q:crucial  ['kru:ʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常重要的，决定性的： extremely significant or important
A: ♣例  a crucial step in his professional career 他职业生涯中具有决定性的一步
A: ♣近  critical, decisive, key, pivotal, vital
A: ♣反  inconsequential, insignificant, trivial 不重要的

Q:crumple  ['krʌmpl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 弄皱： to press, bend, or crush out of shape
A: ♣例  crumple a piece of paper 弄皱一张纸
A: ♣近  rumple, crimple, crease, fold, wrinkle
A: ♣反  smooth 使平滑
A: ♠考法2  v. （因外力挤压而）垮塌： to fall down or in as a result of physical pressure
A: ♣例  The box crumpled when I accidentally dropped a brick on it. 我不小心扔了块石头在箱子上，它就倒塌了
A: ♣近  collapse, founder, implode, tumble, yield

Q:crutch  [krʌtʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 支撑，支柱： something that supports or sustains
A: ♣例  a crutch for local economy 当地的经济支柱
A: ♣近  brace, buttress, column, stay, support, underpinning, underpropping

Q:crux  [krʌks]
A: ♠考法1  n. 中心，关键点： the basic, central, or critical point or feature
A: ♣例  the crux of the problem 问题的核心所在
A: ♣近  core, substance, kernel, gist, pivot
A: ♣反  trifle, triviality 无价值之物

Q:cryptic  ['kriptik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 秘密的： secret or occult
A: ♣例  cryptic message 秘密的信息
A: ♣近  covert, furtive, secret, stealthy
A: ♣反  public, open 公开的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 含义模糊的： having or seeming to have a hidden or ambiguous meaning
A: ♣例  The senator made some cryptic explanations about the military operations. 参议员就军事行动给出了含糊其辞的解释
A: ♣近  ambiguous, equivocal, nebulous, obscure, unclear, vague
A: ♣反  clear, explicit, obvious, plain 清晰的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 超出理解能力的： being beyond one's powers to know, understand, or explain
A: ♣例  puzzled by the cryptic e-mail message left on his computer 被他电脑里让人费解的电子邮件而迷惑
A: ♣近  arcane, enigmatic, impenetrable, inscrutable, mystic, occult, uncanny
A: ♣反  comprehendible, understandable 可以理解的

Q:culpable  ['kʌlpəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 该受谴责的，有罪的： deserving of blame or censure as being wrong, evil, improper, or injurious
A: ♣例  culpable behaviors 值得谴责的行为
A: ♣近  blameworthy, censurable, guilty, reprehensible, sinful, reproachable
A: ♣反  inculpable, innocent 无罪的
A: ♣派  culpability n. 有罪

Q:cultivate  ['kʌltiveit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 提升： to improve by labor, care, or study
A: ♣例  cultivate the mind 开化心智
A: ♣近  educate, instruct, illuminate, nurse
A: ♣反  degrade, deteriorate, impair 损坏，降低品质
A: ♠考法2  v. 促进成长，培养： to promote the growth of (a biological culture)
A: ♣例  cultivate vegetables 种植蔬菜
A: ♣近  grow, breed, produce, raise, develop, nurture
A: ♣反  balk, frustrate, thwart 阻碍
A: ♣派  cultivation n. 栽培

Q:cumbersome  ['kʌmbəsəm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 笨重的，难处理的： difficult to handle because of weight or bulk
A: ♣例  a cumbersome piece of machinery 一件笨重的机器
A: ♣近  unhandy, ponderous, heavy, unwieldy, onerous ,thorny
A: ♣反  light, weightless 轻的；handy 容易处理的

Q:cunning  ['kʌniŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 狡猾的： marked by or given to artful subtlety and deceptiveness
A: ♣例  cunning tactics 狡猾的战术
A: ♣近  artful, crafty, devious, foxy, sly, tricky, wily
A: ♣反  artless, na?ve, unsophisticated 天真无邪的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （手工）灵巧的： skillful with the hands
A: ♣例  Only the most cunning cabinetmaker could have crafted such a beautifully proportioned chest of drawers. 只有手工超凡的家具工才能打造出如此精致协调的衣柜
A: ♣近  clever, deft, handy
A: ♣反  heavy-handed, ham-handed 笨拙的
A: ♠考法3  n. 欺诈，欺骗： the inclination or practice of misleading others through lies or trickery
A: ♣例  used cunning and subterfuge to work her way up the corporate ladder 通过欺骗在公司中步步攀升
A: ♣近  artifice, deception, fraud
A: ♣反  ingenuousness, sincerity 真诚

Q:curmudgeon  [kə:'mʌdʒən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 脾气坏的爱抱怨的人： an irritable and complaining person
A: ♣例  a terrible old curmudgeon 一个坏脾气老头
A: ♣近  crosspatch, fusser, griper, grouser, growler, grumbler, whiner
A: ♣反  agreeable person 令人愉快的人

Q:cursory  ['kə:səri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 匆忙的，不注意细节的： acting or done with excessive or careless speed
A: ♣例  a cursory glance at the headline 匆匆地瞥了一眼标题
A: ♣近  headlong, overhasty, pell-mell, precipitate, precipitous, rash
A: ♣反  fastidious, thorough, deliberate, unhurried, unrushed 极关注细节的，彻底的，不匆忙的

Q:curt  [kə:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 言词简略、直接（以至显得粗鲁）的： being or characterized by direct, brief, and potentially rude speech or manner
A: ♣例  his curt reply 他简略而略显粗鲁的回答
A: ♣近  abrupt, bluff, brusque, downright, unceremonious
A: ♣反  circuitous, mealymouthed 迂回的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 言简意赅的： marked by the use of few words to convey much information or meaning
A: ♣例  on a daily basis she e-mailed to her commanders curt reports on the situation 她每天向长官做简短汇报
A: ♣近  aphoristic, compendious, elliptical, laconic, pithy, sententious, succinct, terse
A: ♣反  diffuse, long-winded, prolix, verbose 冗长啰嗦的

Q:curtail  [kə:'teil]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 缩短，削减： to make less in extent or duration
A: ♣例  curtail your holiday 缩短你的假期
A: ♣近  abbreviate, abridge, syncopate, truncate, cut back
A: ♣反  elongate, protract, prolong, extend, lengthen 延长

Q:cynic  ['sinik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 愤世嫉俗者： a person who believes all people are motivated by selfishness.
A: ♣例  A cynic might think that the governor visited the hospital just to gain votes. 一个愤青认为州长去医院探视仅仅是为了拉票。
A: ♣近  misanthrope, naysayer, pessimist

Q:dabble  ['dæbl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 浅尝辄止： to work or involve oneself superficially or intermittently especially in a secondary interest
A: ♣例  dabble in arts 对艺术稍有涉猎
A: ♣反  dedicate, specialize 投入，专门研究
A: ♣派  dabbler vi. 涉猎者，浅尝辙止者： one not deeply engaged in or concerned with something
A: ♣例  He's not a dedicated musician, just a dabbler. 他并不是专门的音乐家, 只不过是个业馀爱好者
A: ♣反  specialist 专家

Q:daft  [dɑ:ft]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 神经错乱的： having or showing a very abnormal or sick state of mind
A: ♣例  The king was clearly daft, talking to trees and rocks. 国王俨然已经疯了，对着树和石头说话。
A: ♣近  bedlam, demented, deranged, lunatic, psychotic, unbalanced, unsound
A: ♣反  balanced, sane 头脑正常的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不明智的： showing or marked by a lack of good sense or judgment
A: ♣例  a daft plan, doomed to wretched failure and merciless ridicule 一个不明智的决定，最终难逃悲催的结局和无情的嘲讽的下场
A: ♣近  fatuous, featherheaded, nonsensical, preposterous, senseless
A: ♣反  judicious, prudent, sagacious, sapient, wise 明智的

Q:dais  ['deiis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 主席台， 嘉宾席： a raised platform, as in a lecture hall, for speakers or honored guests.
A: ♣例  the speaker took his place at the front of the dais 演讲者在主席台就坐
A: ♣近  podium, rostrum, tribune

Q:dally  ['dæli]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 虚度时光： to spend time doing nothing
A: ♣例  I kept dallying at my desk until I couldn't put off doing my work any longer. 我一直浪费时间直到作业不能再拖了。
A: ♣近  dawdle, loll, lounge, hang around
A: ♠考法2  v. 玩乐： to engage in activity for amusement
A: ♣例  he spent his college years dallying, seemingly determined to acquire as little knowledge as possible 他在大学里面尽情玩乐，不学习
A: ♣近  disport, frolic, recreate, rollick, sport
A: ♠考法3  v. 慢吞吞，磨磨蹭蹭： to move or act slowly
A: ♣例  don't dally on the way to the interview 别在去面试的路上磨磨蹭蹭
A: ♣近  crawl, creep, dillydally, drag, lag, linger, loiter, tarry
A: ♣反  dash, hasten, scoot, scurry

Q:damn  [dæm]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （在道德上）谴责： to declare to be morally wrong or evil
A: ♣例  a cleric who damned gambling and strong drink 一个严厉谴责赌博和酗酒的牧师
A: ♣近  anathematize, censure, decry, denounce, execrate, reprehend, reprobate
A: ♣反  bless, eulogize, exalt, extol, glorify, laud, praise 赞颂
A: ♠考法2  adv. 非常地，极其地： to a great degree
A: ♣例  Let's have a damn good party. 让我们尽情享乐狂欢吧。
A: ♣近  deadly, desperately, exceedingly, extremely, greatly, heavily, highly, incredibly, really, seriously, very
A: ♣反  little, negligibly, nominally, slightly, somewhat 一点点，稍微

Q:dampen  ['dæmpən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （特指稍稍地）弄湿： to make or become slightly or moderately wet
A: ♣例  dampen a paper towel with water and use it to clean up the mess 把纸巾弄湿用来清扫
A: ♣近  bedew, damp, douse , drench, impregnate, saturate, soak, souse, steep
A: ♣反  dehydrate, desiccate, dry, parch, scorch, sear 使脱水，烤干
A: ♠考法2  vt. 抑制，压抑（感情，精力等），泼冷水： to check or diminish the feeling, activity or vigor of
A: ♣例  Nothing could dampen their enthusiasm. 没有什么能扼杀他们的激情。‖The oppressive heat dampened our spirits. 让人难以忍受的酷暑让我们精神不振。
A: ♣近  benumb, blunt, castrate, deaden, devitalize, enervate, geld, lobotomize, petrify
A: ♣反  brace, energize, enliven, invigorate, quicken, stimulate, vitalize, vivify 使充满活力

Q:damper  ['dæmpə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 抑制因素： one that deadens, restrains, or depresses
A: ♣例  Rain put a damper on our picnic plans. 下雨打破了我们的野餐计划。
A: ♣反  ameliorator 促进物

Q:dandy  ['dændi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 纨绔子弟，爱打扮的人： a man who gives exaggerated attention to personal appearance
A: ♣例  That was a dandy of a game. 那是纨绔子弟的游戏。
A: ♣近  fop, gallant
A: ♠考法2  adj. 最佳最好的： of the very best kind
A: ♣例  that's a dandy new racing bike 真是辆最好的比赛用自行车
A: ♣近  awesome, fabulous, superb, sensational, splendid, unsurpassed
A: ♣反  atrocious, awful, execrable, lousy, pathetic, wretched

Q:dank  [dæŋk]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 阴湿的： slightly or moderately wet
A: ♣例  vegetables tended to go bad quickly in the dank cellar 蔬菜在潮湿的地下室很容易变坏
A: ♣近  damp, wettish

Q:dapper  ['dæpə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 衣冠整洁的： being strikingly neat and trim in style or appearance
A: ♣例  The students all looked very dapper in their uniforms. 学生们穿着校服显得非常整洁。
A: ♣近  natty, sharp, snappy, spruce
A: ♣反  frowsy, unkempt, slovenly, unkempt 不整洁的

Q:dappled  ['dæpld]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有斑点的，花的： marked with small spots or contrasting with the background; mottled, spotted
A: ♣例  a dappled fawn 一只小花鹿
A: ♣近  blotchy, mottled, specked, piebald, splotched, stippled
A: ♣反  unspotted 没有斑点的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 色彩斑斓的： having blotches of two or more colors
A: ♣例  a forest that was vibrant with the dappled foliage of autumn 充满秋天的生机、色彩斑斓的森林
A: ♣近  marbled, mottled, piebald, pinto, splotched, spotted

Q:daredevil  ['dεə,devəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj./n. 大胆鲁莽的(人)： foolishly adventurous or bold
A: ♣例  His daredevil stunts are sure to end in disaster someday. 玩火者必自焚。
A: ♣近  audacious, brash, madcap, overbold, reckless, temerarious
A: ♣反  circumspect, guarded, heedful, prudent, wary 小心谨慎的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不考虑后果的： having or showing a lack of concern for the consequences of one’s actions
A: ♣例  a daredevil driver who thinks that racing on city streets is a harmless game 不计后果的司机认为在大街上飙车对人无害
A: ♣近  foolhardy, irresponsible, harum-scarum
A: ♣反  responsible 负责任的

Q:dart  [dɑ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 突然移动： to move suddenly and rapidly
A: ♣例  The dog darted across the street. 狗飞奔过马路。
A: ♣近  flicker, flitter, flutter
A: ♠考法2  n. 公开侮辱： an act or expression showing scorn and usually intended to hurt another's feelings
A: ♣例  The darts flew fast and furiously when the two former lovers bumped into each other at the party. 旧情人在party上偶遇，立马开始激烈的人身攻击。
A: ♣近  affront, barb, offense, sarcasm, slight, slur

Q:dashing  ['dæʃiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 爱好冒险的，大胆的： inclined or willing to take risks
A: ♣例  the dashing heroes in stories about the American West 美国西部故事中那些勇敢无畏的英雄
A: ♣近  adventurous, audacious, daring, emboldened, enterprising, gutsy, nerved, nervy, venturous
A: ♣反  cowardly, craven, pusillanimous, timid, timorous 胆小的

Q:dated  ['deitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过时的： having passed its time of use or usefulness; out-of-date
A: ♣例  His jokes are awfully dated, referring to things that happened years ago. 他的笑话全是些关于几年前的事情的过时货。
A: ♣近  antiquated, archaic, fossilized, medieval, moribund, moth-eaten, obsolete, outdated, outmoded, outworn, prehistoric, rusty
A: ♣反  contemporary, current, modern, recent 当前的，现代的

Q:daunt  [dɔ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使胆怯，吓倒： to lessen the courage or confidence of
A: ♣例  She was not at all daunted by the size of the problem. 她根本没有被问题的大小给吓倒。
A: ♣近  demoralize, dishearten, dismay, dispirit, frustrate, unnerve
A: ♣反  embolden, make resolute, hearten 使大胆，鼓舞
A: ♣派  dauntless undaunted a. 无畏的，大胆的
A: ♣反  pusillanimous, trepid, craven, easily discouraged, meek, timorous 胆怯的

Q:dawdle  ['dɔ:dl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 闲荡，虚度光阴： to spend time idly
A: ♣例  dawdle the day away 闲荡一天
A: ♣近  bum, dally, loll, loaf, lounge, hang about, kick around
A: ♣反  hie 匆忙，抓紧
A: ♠考法2  v. 拖拖拉拉： to move or act slowly
A: ♣例  If you continue to dawdle, we'll be late for sure. 你要是再拖拉，我们铁定要迟到了。
A: ♣近  crawl, creep, dally, dillydally, lag, linger, loiter, tarry
A: ♣反  bolt, hasten, course, dash, speed, scurry

Q:deadlock  ['dedlɔk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 僵局： a state of inaction or neutralization resulting from the opposition of equally powerful uncompromising persons or factions
A: ♣例  The deadlock was broken with a key compromise. 一个关键性的妥协打破了僵局。
A: ♣近  gridlock, halt, impasse, logjam, stalemate, standoff, standstill
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使陷入僵局，使停顿： to bring or come to a deadlock
A: ♣反  expedite 加速进程

Q:deadpan  ['ded'pæn]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不动情的言行举止，无动于衷： impassively matter-of-fact, as in style, behavior, or expression
A: ♣例  a deadpan comedy 一个没有笑点的喜剧
A: ♣近  catatonic, expressionless, impassive, inexpressive, stolid, vacant
A: ♣反  demonstrative, expressive 有表现力的

Q:dearth  [də:θ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 供应不足： an inadequate supply
A: ♣例  a dearth of evidence 证据不足
A: ♣近  want, deficit, insufficiency, paucity, pinch, scantiness, scarcity, undersupply
A: ♣反  plethora, spate, copiousness, abundance, adequacy, amplitude, opulence 过剩，丰富

Q:debacle  [dei'bɑ:kl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 溃败： a complete failure; fiasco
A: ♣例  the debacle of the war 战争的彻底失败
A: ♣近  bummer, calamity, catastrophe, cataclysm, fiasco, fizzle, flop, washout
A: ♣反  complete success, éclat, blockbuster 大成功

Q:debark  [di'bɑ:k]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 从船或者飞机上卸货： to unload, as from a ship or an airplane
A: ♣例  the seasick passengers debarked as soon as the ship dropped anchor 晕船的乘客等到轮船一靠岸抛锚就立即下船
A: ♣近  land
A: ♣反  embark 上船，装货

Q:debase  [di'beis]
A: ♠考法1  v. 贬低，贬损： to reduce to a lower standing in one's own eyes or in others' eyes
A: ♣例  our failure to win a single game completely debased 我们一场未胜的战绩彻底让我们的形象一落千丈
A: ♣近  abase, debauch, degrade, demean, demoralize, deprave, deteriorate, profane, subvert, vitiate
A: ♣反  aggrandize, canonize, deify, elevate, exalt, ennoble 使神圣

Q:debilitate  [di'biliteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使衰弱： to impair the strength of; enfeeble
A: ♣例  The virus debilitates the body's immune system. 病毒削弱了免疫系统。
A: ♣近  devitalize, enervate, enfeeble, prostrate, sap
A: ♣反  invigorate, fortify, strengthen, beef up 使有活力，加强

Q:debonair  [,debə'nεə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无忧无虑的，不在乎的： having or showing freedom from worries or troubles
A: ♣例  His debonair dismissal of my inquiry concerning his financial situation led me to believe that nothing was wrong. 对于我有关他个人理财的问题，他表现得毫不在乎，这使我相信没有问题。
A: ♣近  blithe, carefree, gay, insouciant, lighthearted, lightsome, slaphappy, unconcerned
A: ♣反  careworn 焦虑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 风度翩翩的： having or showing very polished and worldly manners
A: ♣例  The debonair gentleman charmed all of the ladies in the room. 风度翩翩的绅士吸引了在场的所有女士。
A: ♣近  civilized, graceful, polished, refined, smooth, sophisticated, suave, svelte, urbane
A: ♣反  boorish, churlish, loutish, uncouth 粗鲁的，粗野的；clumsy, gauche, graceless 笨拙的

Q:debris  ['deibri:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 废墟： discarded or useless material
A: ♣例  the unsightly debris left after mining operations had ceased 采煤工程中止后留下难看的废墟
A: ♣近  dross, dust, litter, offal, refuse, effluvium junk

Q:debunk  [di:'bʌŋk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 揭穿真面目： to reveal the true nature of
A: ♣例  debunk a supposed miracle drug 揭穿所谓的灵丹妙药的真面目
A: ♣近  uncloak, uncover, undress, unmask, show up
A: ♣反  camouflage, cloak, disguise, mask 继续伪装，掩盖
A: ♠考法2  v. 证明为假： to prove to be false
A: ♣例  a Web site that assiduously debunks urban legends 一个不遗余力证明假传闻的网站
A: ♣近  belie, confound, confute, discredit, falsify, rebut, refute
A: ♣反  confirm, establish, validate, verify 证明为真

Q:debut  ['deibju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 初次登台，出道： a first public appearance
A: ♣例  made her single debut 完成了她的处女秀
A: ♣反  farewell performance 告别演出

Q:decadence  ['dekədəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 衰落，颓废： a process, condition, or period of deterioration or decline, a change to a lower state or level
A: ♣例  The book condemns the decadence of modern society. 该书批判了现代社会的堕落。
A: ♣近  degeneracy, degeneration, degradation, deterioration, downfall, eclipse
A: ♣反  ascent, rise, upswing 提高，提升

Q:decadent  ['dekədənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 堕落的，腐败的： having or showing lowered moral character or standards
A: ♣例  Opponents of gambling casinos claim that gambling is a decadent form of entertainment. 赌场的反对者们宣称赌博是一种堕落腐化的娱乐形式。
A: ♣近  debased, debauched, degenerate, depraved, dissolute, perverse, perverted, reprobate, warped
A: ♣反  pure, uncorrupted 纯净的，未腐化的
A: ♠考法2  n. 放纵的人： a person whose life is devoted to luxury and sensual pleasures
A: ♣例  a decadent who squandered her once considerable family fortune 一个挥霍了大量的家族财富的人
A: ♣近  debauchee, hedonist, libertine, sensualist, sybarite, profligate
A: ♣反  ascetic 苦行者，禁欲者
A: ♠考法3  n. 道德上堕落的人： a person in a condition or process of mental or moral decay
A: ♣例  avant-garde artists who were scorned by the bourgeoisie as talentless decadents 被中产阶级鄙视为没有才华的堕落者的前卫艺术家
A: ♣近  deviate
A: ♣反  saint 圣人

Q:decant  [di'kænt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 轻轻倒出： to pour off (wine, for example) without disturbing the sediment
A: ♣例  The bottles were uncorked and the wine was decanted an hour before the meal. 瓶塞被打开，美酒在正餐前一小时倒出

Q:decipher  [di'saifə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 破译： to read or interpret (ambiguous, obscure, or illegible matter).
A: ♣例  we deciphered the hidden message to find out when we were supposed to meet 破解了暗语后，发现我们要碰头
A: ♣近  break, crack, decrypt, decode
A: ♣反  cipher, encipher, encode, encrypt 加密
A: ♠考法2  v. 有清晰想法，理解，解读： to have a clear idea of
A: ♣例  a convoluted thriller, the plot of which I was never able to actually decipher 一部错综复杂的恐怖电影，情节我一直没有理解
A: ♣近  apprehend, perceive, recognize, seize, sense, make out

Q:decode  [,di:'kəud]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 解码： to change (as a secret message) from code into ordinary language
A: ♣例  the agents worked into the night to decode the intercepted message from the enemy spy 情报人员夜以继日地破解从敌方间谍拦截的信息
A: ♣近  break, crack, decipher, decrypt
A: ♠考法2  v. 有清晰想法，理解,解读： to have a clear idea of
A: ♣例  a convoluted thriller, the plot of which I was never able to actually decipher 一部错综复杂的恐怖电影，情节我一直没有理解
A: ♣近  apprehend, perceive, recognize, seize, sense ,make out

Q:decorum  [di'kɔ:rəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 礼仪，得体： appropriateness of behavior or conduct; propriety
A: ♣例  high standards of decorum are usually required when attending the opera 去听歌剧的时候需要遵守高标准的礼节
A: ♣近  form, propriety
A: ♣反  impropriety, indecency 不得体
A: ♣派  decorous adj. 有礼貌的： marked by propriety and good taste
A: ♣例  decorous behavior 得体的举止
A: ♣反  mangy, unseemly 低贱的，不得体的
A: ♣派  indecorous 不合礼节的
A: ♣反  proper 适当的

Q:decrepit  [di'krepit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚弱的，衰老的，破旧的： weakened, worn out, impaired, or broken down by old age, illness
A: ♣例  a decrepit old man 一个虚弱的老年人
A: ♣反  vigorous, sturdy, sound, robust, hale 健壮的

Q:decry  [di'krai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 强烈反对，否定： to express strong disapproval of
A: ♣例  Scientists were quick to decry the claims of the psychic. 通灵者的说法很快就遭到了科学家的反对。‖decry the excessive emphasis on sex 谴责对于性的过分重视
A: ♣近  belittle, denigrate, denounce, deprecate, depreciate, derogate, disapprove, dismiss, disparage, minimize
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify, laud, magnify, praise 表扬，称颂

Q:default  [di'fɔ:lt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 拖欠(债务)： to fail to pay financial debts, the nonperformance of an assigned or expected action
A: ♣例  default on a loan 拖欠贷款
A: ♣近  delinquency, dereliction, misprision, nonfeasance, oversight
A: ♣反  pay one's debt 偿还债务

Q:defer  [di'fə:]
A: ♠考法1  v. 推迟，延期： to put off; postpone; defer
A: ♣例  we agreed to defer a discussion of the issue 我们决定推迟问题的讨论
A: ♣近  delay, remit, shelve, hold off, hold over, lay over, put off
A: ♣反  exigent 紧急的
A: ♠考法2  vi. 遵从： to submit to another's wishes, opinion, or governance usually through deference or respect
A: ♣例  defer to her father’s wishes 听从她父亲的意愿

Q:deference  ['defərəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 尊崇，顺从： a readiness or willingness to yield to the wishes of others
A: ♣例  He is shown much deference by his colleagues. 他的同事很尊敬他。
A: ♣近  acquiescence, compliancy, docility, obedience, submissiveness
A: ♣反  contempt, defiance, disobedience, intractability, recalcitrance 轻视，不服从
A: ♣派  deferential adj. 表示尊重的，恭敬的：showing or expressing deference
A: ♣反  imperious, impudent 专横无礼的

Q:deficiency  [di'fiʃənsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 缺乏，不足： the quality or state of being deficient: inadequate
A: ♣例  there is a deficiency of fresh food in the diet of many of the working poor 很多劳工阶层的饮食都缺乏新鲜食物
A: ♣近  want, dearth, deficit, famine, paucity, scantiness, scarcity
A: ♣反  surfeit, abundance, adequacy, amplitude, opulence, sufficiency 过度，充足

Q:defile  [di'fail]
A: ♠考法1  n.（山间）小道： a narrow passage or gorge
A: ♣例  They climbed up the mountain through a defile. 他们通过一条小路爬到山上。
A: ♠考法2  v. 亵渎： to treat (a sacred place or object) shamefully or with great disrespect
A: ♣例  art conservators were careful not to do anything that might defile the holy relic 公物管理员要防止任何玷污圣迹的行为
A: ♣近  profane, violate
A: ♠考法3  v. 不能被使用： to make unfit for use by the addition of something harmful or undesirable
A: ♣例  supplies of meat that had been defiled by maggots 肉已经生蛆了，不能再食用了
A: ♣近  befoul, foul, pollute, taint
A: ♣反  decontaminate, purify 使纯净

Q:deflect  [di'flekt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使偏斜，使转向： to turn aside especially from a straight course or fixed direction
A: ♣例  The goalie deflected the ball with his hands. 守门员用双手将球击出。‖They are trying to deflect the public attention from the troubled economy. 他们试图将公众的注意力从经济的困境中移开。
A: ♣近  divert, redirect, swing, veer, wheel, whip
A: ♣派  deflection n. 偏转，偏离

Q:defray  [di'frei]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 支付： to undertake the payment of
A: ♣例  The government has committed billions toward defraying the costs of the war. 政府为战争付出了成百上千亿元的代价。‖I don’t have sufficient fund to defray the expense. 我身上的现金还不够埋单。
A: ♣近  disburse, expend, pay
A: ♣反  acquire, earn, gain, garner, procure, realize, secure, win 获得，获取；charge 收取

Q:deft  [deft]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 灵巧的，熟练的： characterized by facility and skill
A: ♣例  He finished off the painting with a few deft strokes of the brush. 他简单熟练的几笔便完成了画作。
A: ♣近  cunning, adroit, dexterous, expert, masterful, virtuoso
A: ♣反  awkward, maladroit, ham-handed, amateur, artless, unprofessional, unskillful 笨拙的，不精通的

Q:defuse  [,di:'fju:z]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 抚慰，减轻：to make less dangerous, tense, or hostile
A: ♣例  defuse the crisis 平息危机
A: ♣反  foment 煽动

Q:defy  [di'fai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 反抗，违抗： to go against the commands, prohibitions, or rules of
A: ♣例  defy the court 蔑视法庭
A: ♣近  mock, rebel, oppose, confront
A: ♣反  acquiesce, obey, comply with, conform to 默默接受，遵守
A: ♣反  capitulate to, submit to, succumb to, surrender to, yield to 屈服

Q:dehydrate  [,di:'haidreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 去除水分，（使）干燥： to remove water from; make anhydrous
A: ♣例  bought a dehumidifier in order to dehydrate the damp basement 买了一个减湿器来给地下室除湿
A: ♣近  dampen, desiccate, parch, scorch, sear
A: ♣反  hydrate, saturate with water, reconstitute 用水浸润
A: ♠考法2  v. 使失去活力或者味道： to deprive of vitality or savor
A: ♣例  years of being trapped in a loveless marriage had dehydrated his spirit 多年不幸的婚姻消磨了他的活力
A: ♣近  deaden, devitalize, enervate, petrify, sap
A: ♣反  brace, energize, enliven, invigorate, vitalize, vivify 使生机勃勃

Q:deify  ['di:ifai]
A: ♠考法1  v. 把…当作神来崇拜： to offer honor or respect to (someone) as a divine power
A: ♣例  some ancient pagans deified such objects of nature as trees and rivers 很多古代的异教徒拿一些自然事物比如树木，河流来崇拜
A: ♣近  glorify, revere, venerate
A: ♠考法2  v. 过分喜爱： to love or admire too much
A: ♣例  materialistic people who deify money 那些眼里只有钱的物质之人
A: ♣近  adore, adulate, canonize, dote
A: ♠考法3  v. 尊敬尊崇： to assign a high status or value to
A: ♣例  Valentino was virtually deified by legions of female fans. 瓦伦蒂诺被大批女粉丝崇拜。
A: ♣近  aggrandize, canonize, dignify, ennoble, glorify, magnify
A: ♣反  abase, degrade, demean, humble, humiliate 贬低，羞辱
A: ♣派  deification n. 崇拜
A: ♣反  debasement 贬低

Q:deign  [dein]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （不情愿地）屈尊，俯就： to condescend reluctantly and with a strong sense of the affront to one's superiority that is involved
A: ♣例  I would never deign to answer that absurd accusation. 我根本不屑于去解释那样一个荒谬的指责。
A: ♣近  condescend, stoop

Q:deject  [di'dʒekt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使沮丧： to lower the spirits of; dishearten
A: ♣例  nothing dejects a TV pundit more than the reality check that nobody cares what he thinks 没有什么比大家都漠不关心更让电视节目专家沮丧了
A: ♣近  oppress, sadden, weigh down, bum out
A: ♣反  brighten, buoy, lighten, rejoice, cheer up 使高兴

Q:delegate  ['deliɡət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 代理人，代表： a person authorized to act as representative for another
A: ♣例  The real estate developer sent a delegate to the town meeting to represent his interests. 房地产开发商派了一名能代表自己利益的代理前往镇上开会。‖the U.N. delegates from African countries 非洲国家的驻联合国代表
A: ♣近  agent, assignee, commissary, deputy, emissary, envoy, legate, minister, proxy, representative
A: ♠考法2  vt. 移交（权力，任务等）： to put (something) into the possession or safekeeping of another
A: ♣例  The manager is reluctant to delegate authority to subordinates while abroad. 经理不愿意在国外期间将自己的权力转交给下级。
A: ♣近  commit, confide, consign, deliver, entrust, repose, transfer, transmit, vest, give over, hand over, turn over
A: ♣反  hold, keep, retain 保持，持有
A: ♣派  delegation n. 代表团

Q:deleterious  [,deli'tiəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有害的： harmful often in a subtle or unexpected way
A: ♣例  deleterious to health 对健康有害的
A: ♣近  adverse, baleful, baneful, detrimental, mischievous, nocuous, noxious, pernicious
A: ♣反  beneficial, salutary, salubrious, wholesome, benign, harmless, innocuous 有益的，安全无害的

Q:deliberate  [di'libərət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 深思熟虑的： characterized by or resulting from careful and thorough consideration
A: ♣例  a deliberate decision 一个慎重的决定
A: ♣近  calculated, considered, reasoned, thoughtful
A: ♣反  impetuous, haste, casual, unadvised, uncalculated, unconsidered, unstudied 随意的，未经过深思的

Q:delicacy  ['delikəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. （外貌、建筑、表演）精致： fineness of appearance, construction, or execution; elegance
A: ♣例  lace of great delicacy 精致的蕾丝
A: ♣近  dainty, delectable, kickshaw, tidbit
A: ♣反  crudity, husk, coarseness, roughness 粗糙

Q:delineate  [di'linieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 勾勒，用线条描绘： to indicate or represent by drawn or painted lines
A: ♣例  lights delineating the narrow streets 勾勒狭窄街道线条的路灯
A: ♣近  define, silhouette, sketch, trace
A: ♠考法2  vt. 描写，描绘： to describe, portray, or set forth with accuracy or in detail
A: ♣例  delineate the steps to be taken by the government 具体描述了政府所应该采取的措施‖The film does a remarkable job of delineating the emotions that immigrants feel upon their arrival in a strange country. 就描绘移民者踏上陌生国土时的心情而言，这部电影是相当成功的。
A: ♣近  depict, display, draw, image, limn, paint, picture, portray, render
A: ♣反  color, distort, falsify, garble, misrepresent, misstate, pervert, twist, warp 曲解，篡改本意
A: ♣派  delineation n. 描绘

Q:delirium  [di'liriəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 精神错乱： an acute mental disturbance characterized by confused thinking and disrupted attention usually accompanied by disordered speech and hallucinations
A: ♣例  shoppers running around in a delirium the day before Christmas 购物者在圣诞节前夕疯狂扫货
A: ♣近  agitation, distraction, hysteria, rage, rampage, uproar

Q:deluge  ['delju:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大暴雨： a drenching rain
A: ♣反  drizzle 毛毛雨
A: ♠考法2  n. 大量： a great flow of water or of something that overwhelms
A: ♣例  received a deluge of offers 收到了一大堆offer
A: ♣近  inundation, overflow, spate, torrent

Q:delusion  [di'lu:ʒən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 错觉： a false idea
A: ♣例  This was not optimism, it was delusion. 那不是乐观主义，那是错觉。
A: ♣近  hallucination, illusion, unreality, falsehood, misconception
A: ♣反  truth, verity 真实
A: ♣派  delusive adj. 欺骗的：false, deceptive
A: ♣反  transparent 坦诚的

Q:delve  [delv]
A: ♠考法1  vt. vi. 探究，钻研： to make a careful or detailed search for information
A: ♣例  The book delves into the latest research. 这本书深入探究了最近的研究。
A: ♣近  probe, investigate, inquire into, look into, dig into

Q:demagogue  ['deməɡɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 蛊惑民心的政客： a leader who makes use of popular prejudices and false claims and promises in order to gain power
A: ♣例  that politician is just a demagogue who preys upon people's fears and prejudices 那就是一个蛊惑民心的政客，利用民众的害怕和偏见来欺骗
A: ♣近  firebrand, fomenter, incendiary, instigator, kindler, provocateur

Q:demanding  [di'mɑ:ndiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难取悦的，难满足的： not easily satisfied or pleased
A: ♣例  His mother could be demanding at times. 他母亲有时候很难取悦。
A: ♣近  exacting, fastidious, finical, finicking, fussy, picky
A: ♠考法2  adj. 费时间花心思的： requiring much time, effort, or careful attention
A: ♣例  the demanding assignment kept them working all night long 那项劳神的任务使得他们熬夜
A: ♣近  arduous, burdensome, challenging, exacting, grueling, killing, laborious, onerous, persnickety, taxing, toilsome
A: ♣反  light, unchallenging, undemanding 不费劲的，轻而易举的

Q:demolition  [,demə'liʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 破坏，毁坏： the act or process of wrecking or destroying, especially destruction by explosives.
A: ♣例  the demolition of dangerous buildings 危楼的拆毁
A: ♣近  annihilation, decimation, devastation, havoc, wreckage
A: ♣反  building, construction, erection, raising 建造

Q:demonstrate  ['demənstreit]
A: ♠考法1  v. （通过证据）证明，表明： to show or make clear by using examples
A: ♣例  the paleontologist hopes to demonstrate that dinosaurs once existed in central Peru by unearthing the fossil evidence 通过发掘化石，古生物学家试图证明恐龙曾经在秘鲁中部生活过
A: ♣近  exemplify, instance
A: ♣反  unable to prove 不能证明的
A: ♠考法2  v. 使明白易懂： to make plain or understandable
A: ♣例  a few striking facts should demonstrate the complex nature of our topic 一些显著的事实可以使我们话题的复杂本质变得好懂
A: ♣近  clarify, construe, demystify, elucidate, explicate, illuminate
A: ♣反  obscure 使模糊
A: ♠考法3  v. 表现，表露： to make known (something abstract) through outward signs
A: ♣例  the babysitter's actions during the emergency demonstrate beyond doubt her general dependability 保姆在紧急情况下的表现毋庸置疑地展示了她一贯的可靠性
A: ♣近  bespeak, betray, display, evince, manifest, reveal

Q:demoralize  [di'mɔrəlaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使士气低落： to undermine the confidence or morale of; dishearten
A: ♣例  demoralize the staff 使员工士气低落
A: ♣近  daunt, dishearten, dismay, dispirit, unnerve
A: ♣反  invigorate, cheer 鼓舞
A: ♠考法2  v. 贬低，堕落： to lower in character, dignity, or quality
A: ♣例  we refused to be demoralized by our humiliating defeat 我们拒绝由于这场屈辱的战败而被贬低
A: ♣近  abase, corrupt, debauch, degrade, demean
A: ♣反  elevate, ennoble, uplift 使崇高

Q:demote  [,di:'məut]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 降职，降级： to reduce to a lower grade or rank
A: ♣例  The court-martial’s decision was to demote the officer responsible for the failed mission. 军事法庭决定对为此次失败任务负责的军官进行降职处理。
A: ♣近  break, bust, degrade, disrate, downgrade, reduce
A: ♣反  advance, elevate, promote, raise 提升，晋升
A: ♣派  demotion n. 降职

Q:demotic  [di'mɔtik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 通俗的，大众化的： popular, common
A: ♣例  demotic entertainments 大众化的娱乐
A: ♣反  profound 深奥的

Q:demotion  [,di:'məuʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 降级，降职： the act or an instance of bringing to a lower grade or rank
A: ♣例  Anyone who objects will get a demotion. 任何胆敢反对的人都会被降职。‖received a demotion from sergeant to corporal 从中士降为下士
A: ♣近  degradation, downgrading, reduction
A: ♣反  elevation, promotion 晋升

Q:demur  [di'mə:]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 表示异议，反对： to voice opposition; object
A: ♣例  demur at the suggestion 反对提议
A: ♣近  challenge, exception, expostulation, fuss, kick, protest, remonstrance, stink
A: ♣反  accept, accede 接受
A: ♠考法2  n. 犹豫： hesitation (as in doing or accepting) usually based on doubt of the acceptability of something offered or proposed; qualm
A: ♣例  we accepted his offer to pay for our dinners without demur 我们毫不犹豫地同意了他买单

Q:denigrate  ['deniɡreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 诋毁，污蔑： to express scornfully one's low opinion of
A: ♣例  denigrate one's opponents 诋毁某人的对手
A: ♣近  belittle, depreciate, derogate, dismiss, disparage
A: ♣反  honor, acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify, magnify 给以……荣誉，赞扬

Q:denouement  [deinu:'mɔŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n.（小说的）结局： the final resolution or clarification of a dramatic or narrative plot
A: ♣例  a surprising/ unexpected denouement 令人惊奇的、出人意料的结局

Q:denounce  [di'nauns]
A: ♠考法1  v. 公开指责： to express public or formal disapproval of
A: ♣例  the governor has denounced the court's decision and vows to press for a constitutional amendment 州长公开指责法庭决定不公，准备投票进行修宪
A: ♣近  condemn, objurgate, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, reprove
A: ♣反  cite, commend, endorse 支持，称赞
A: ♠考法2  v. 道德上错误、可耻的： to declare to be morally wrong or evil
A: ♣例  the church council denounced the bishop's teachings, officially declaring them to be heresy 该教理事会指责主教的布道可耻，声称它们是异端学说
A: ♣近  anathematize, censure, execrate, reprehend, reprobate
A: ♣派  denunciation n. 谴责：an act of denouncing especially : a public condemnation
A: ♣反  panegyric, accolade, eulogy 颂词

Q:dent  [dent]
A: ♠考法1  n. 凹陷，凹痕： a depression in a surface made by pressure or a blow
A: ♣例  a dent in the side of a car 汽车侧面一处凹陷
A: ♣近  cavity, depression, hollow, indenture, recess
A: ♣反  bulge, convexity, projection, protrusion, protuberance 凸起
A: ♠考法2  v. （数量、程度上）变小，变弱： to make smaller in amount, volume, or extent
A: ♣例  hopefully this vacation won't dent our bank account too much 但愿这次旅行不会让我们银行存款缩水太多
A: ♣近  abate, downscale, downsize, dwindle
A: ♣反  aggrandize, amplify, augment, boost, enlarge, escalate 增大，增强

Q:denude  [di'nju:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 脱去，使赤裸： to divest of covering; make bare
A: ♣例  Drought has completely denuded the hills of grass. 干旱脱去了山上的草使山变得光秃秃的。
A: ♣反  cover 遮盖

Q:dependable  [di'pendəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可靠的，值得信赖的： capable of being depended on
A: ♣例  a dependable source of income 可靠的收入来源‖He was a good friend and a dependable companion. 他是一个值得信赖的好伙伴。
A: ♣近  calculable, reliable, responsible, safe, secure, solid, trustable, trustworthy
A: ♣反  undependable, unreliable, unsafe, untrustworthy 不值得信赖的

Q:deplete  [di'pli:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 耗尽，使衰竭： to decrease the fullness of; to make complete use of
A: ♣例  miners depleted the vein of copper ore after only a few months 矿工们在短短几个月内就把一整片铜矿开采完了
A: ♣近  consume, devour, drain, exhaust, draw down, play out, use up
A: ♣反  enrich, renew, replace 使富有，更新

Q:deplorable  [di'plɔ:rəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可鄙的，可耻的： worthy of severe condemnation or reproach
A: ♣例  We will not tolerate such deplorable behavior in a house of worship. 我们绝不能容许这样一种可鄙的行为出现在礼拜堂中。
A: ♣近  despicable, dirty, grubby, lousy, mean, nasty, paltry, scurvy, wretched
A: ♣反  admirable, commendable, creditable, laudable, meritorious, praiseworthy 值得表扬的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 悲惨的，可悲的： of a kind to cause great distress
A: ♣例  Many of them work under deplorable conditions. 许多人的工作环境十分悲惨。
A: ♣近  distressful, distressing, grievous, heartbreaking, heartrending, lamentable, tragic, unfortunate, woeful

Q:deplore  [di'plɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 哀悼： to feel or express sorrow for
A: ♣例  a statement from the bishops deploring the loss of life in the war overseas 一份来自大主教的声明，对海外战争中遇难的生命表示沉痛哀悼
A: ♣近  mourn, bewail, grieve for, wail for
A: ♣反  delight, exult in, glory in, rejoice in 高兴

Q:deploy  [di:'plɔi]
A: ♠考法1  v.（有目的地）展开；调度： to spread out, utilize, or arrange for a deliberate purpose
A: ♣例  deploy a sales force 展开部署销售力量
A: ♣反  concentrate 集中

Q:deportation  [,di:pɔ:'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 放逐： the removal from a country of an alien whose presence is unlawful or prejudicial
A: ♣例  deport all illegal immigrants 驱逐所有非法移民
A: ♣近  banishment, displacement, expatriation, expulsion, relegation

Q:depose  [di'pəuz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 发誓作证： to testify to under oath or by affidavit
A: ♣例  he was nervous when the time to depose before the jury finally arrived 他很紧张，在陪审团面前作证的时刻终于到来了
A: ♣近  attest, swear
A: ♣反  perjure 作伪证
A: ♠考法2  v. 废黜，罢免： to remove from a throne or other high position
A: ♣例  a military junta deposed the dictator after he had bankrupted the country 军阀罢黜了将国家分崩离析的独裁者
A: ♣近  defrock, deprive, oust, uncrown
A: ♣反  crown, enthrone 授予王权
A: ♠考法3  v. 摆放： to arrange something in a certain spot or position
A: ♣例  deposed her fan and gloves on the dressing table 把她的扇子和手套放在梳妆台上
A: ♣近  deposit, dispose, emplace, situate

Q:deposit  [di'pɔzit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 自然积累，沉积： a natural accumulation (as of iron ore, coal, or gas)
A: ♣例  rich deposits of oil and natural gas 丰富的石油、天然气
A: ♣近  dregs, precipitate, sediment, settlings, hoard, reserve
A: ♣反  process of eroding 腐蚀过程
A: ♠考法2  v. 存钱： to put in an account
A: ♣例  we quickly deposited the check in a bank account 我们火速把支票存入银行账户
A: ♣反  withdraw 取款

Q:depravity  [di'prævəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 道德败坏： immoral conduct or practices harmful or offensive to society
A: ♣例  He was sinking into a life of utter depravity. 他自甘堕落。
A: ♣近  debauchery, iniquitousness, licentiousness, perversion, turpitude, dissoluteness
A: ♣反  morality, virtue 美德

Q:deprecate  ['deprikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 表达不喜欢： to hold an unfavorable opinion of
A: ♣例  deprecates TV sitcoms as childish and simpleminded 批评电视情景喜剧既幼稚又脑残
A: ♣近  deprecate, discountenance, disesteem, disfavor, frown (on or upon)
A: ♣反  approve, favor 喜欢
A: ♠考法2  vt. 贬低，轻视： to express scornfully one's low opinion of
A: ♣例  deprecate the comedy as the stupidest movie of the year 认为这部喜剧是年度最傻逼电影
A: ♣近  belittle, denigrate, dismiss, disparage, cry down
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify 赞扬
A: ♠考法3 vt. 降低重要性，低调： play down, to make little of
A: ♣例  She deprecated her facility for languages 她不炫耀自己对于语言的天赋。
A: ♣反  vaunt 自夸

Q:depreciate  [di'pri:ʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 贬低价值： to lower the price or estimated value of
A: ♣例  New cars start to depreciate as soon as they are on the road. 新车一上路便开始贬值。
A: ♣近  cheapen, depress, devalue, downgrade, mark down
A: ♣反  appreciate, enhance, upgrade, mark up 提价，升值
A: ♠考法2  vt. 轻视：to lower in estimation or esteem
A: ♣例  dared to depreciate Shakespeare, saying his works have no relevance for modern audiences 胆敢贬低莎大人，说他的作品对于现代观众来说没有意义
A: ♣近  denigrate, disparage, play down, talk down
A: ♣反  acclaim, exalt, extol, glorify, magnify 赞扬

Q:depressed  [di'prest]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不开心，情绪不高的： feeling unhappiness
A: ♣例  I was depressed and didn't feel much like going to the party
A: ♣近  crestfallen, dejected, despondent, gloomy, low-spirited, wretched
A: ♣反  blissful, buoyant, gleeful, joyous, jubilant 情绪高的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 生活境况悲催的： kept from having the necessities of life or a healthful environment
A: ♣例  a depressed class of people whose living conditions are abominable even by third world standards 境况悲惨的一群人，即使用第三世界标准来看他们的生存条件也是很糟的
A: ♣近  disadvantaged, underprivileged
A: ♣反  advantaged, privileged 具有优势的、特权的

Q:deprivation  [,depri'veiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 匮乏： the condition of being deprived; privation
A: ♣例  serious sleep deprivation caused by long work hours 由长时间工作导致的严重睡眠不足
A: ♣反  fecundity 丰饶

Q:deracinate  [di'ræsineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 根除： to pull out by the roots; uproot
A: ♣反  plant 种植

Q:derelict  ['derilikt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 玩忽职守的, 不认真的： lacking a sense of duty; marked by a carelessly easy manner
A: ♣例  the guards were judged derelict in their duty 守卫们被判玩忽职守罪
A: ♣近  disregardful, lax, neglectful, neglecting, remiss, slack
A: ♣反  extremely careful, attentive, conscientious, nonnegligent 特别仔细的
A: ♠考法2  n. 被社会遗弃的人： a destitute homeless social misfit
A: ♣例  a section of the city that seemed to be frequented mostly by derelicts 流浪汉的集中区
A: ♣近  deserted, desolate, disused, forgotten, forsaken, rejected
A: ♣反  pillar of society 社会的栋梁

Q:deride  [di'raid]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 嘲弄，嘲笑： to speak of or treat with contemptuous mirth
A: ♣例  my brothers derided our efforts, but were forced to eat their words when we won first place 我的兄弟嘲笑我们的努力，但是当我们得了第一名以后不得不收回那些话
A: ♣近  gibe, jeer, mock, scout, shoot down, laugh at
A: ♣反  praise 赞美
A: ♣派  derision n. 嘲弄：contemptuous or jeering laughter; ridicule
A: ♣反  veneration 尊敬

Q:derivative  [di'rivətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非原创的： lacking originality: banal
A: ♣例  their dull, derivative debut album 他们毫无新义的首张专辑
A: ♣近  secondhand
A: ♣反  original, innovative, precursory 原创的，先驱的

Q:descend  [di'send]
A: ♠考法1  v. 下降： to lead or extend downward
A: ♣例  the pathway descends to the river bank 通道一直向下延伸到河岸
A: ♣近  dip, fall, plunge, sink
A: ♣反  arise, ascend, climb, mount, upsweep, upturn
A: ♠考法2  v. 世代相传： to originate or come from an ancestral stock or source, to pass by inheritance
A: ♣例  The house has descended through four generations. 这座房子已经传了四代。a tradition descending from colonial days 殖民时期传递下来的一项传统

Q:descendant  [di'sendənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 后代： one deriving directly from a precursor or prototype
A: ♣例  They are descendants of the original English and Scottish settlers. 他们是最早一批英格兰和苏格兰定居者的后裔。
A: ♣反  forbears 祖先

Q:desecrate  ['desikreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 亵渎，玷污： to treat (a sacred place or object) shamefully or with great disrespect
A: ♣例  desecrate the shrine 亵渎圣地
A: ♣近  defile, profane, violate
A: ♣反  sanctify, revere, hallow 尊敬，视为神圣

Q:desiccate  ['desikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使（食物）脱水以保存，使干燥： to preserve (a food) by drying
A: ♣例  add a cup of desiccated coconut to the mix 加一杯椰蓉进行搅拌
A: ♣近  dehydrate, parch, scorch, sear
A: ♣反  add water to, hydrate, drench 加水，浸透
A: ♣派  desiccant n. 干燥剂：a drying agent (as calcium chloride)
A: ♠考法2  v. 缺乏活力： to deprive of emotional or intellectual vitality
A: ♣例  that historian's dryasdust prose desiccates what is actually an exciting period in European history 那位历史学家枯燥无味的散文让欧洲一段扣人心弦的历史变得乏味单调
A: ♣近  brace, castrate, dampen, deaden, devitalize, enervate
A: ♣反  energize, enliven, invigorate, stimulate, vitalize 使生机勃勃

Q:designate  ['deziɡneit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 任命： to pick (someone) by one's authority for a specific position or duty
A: ♣例  he has yet to designate his successor as head of the firm 他还没有给公司选定接班人
A: ♣近  assign, commission, constitute, nominate, place
A: ♣反  discharge, dismiss, expel, fire 解雇，开除
A: ♠考法2  v. 命名： to give a name to
A: ♣例  he was designated Air Jordan by his fans 他被粉丝们称为飞人乔丹
A: ♣近  denominate, dub, entitle, label, style, term, title

Q:desperate  ['despərət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 绝望的： feeling or showing no hope
A: ♣例  a desperate spirit crying for relief 一个渴望宽慰的绝望的灵魂
A: ♣近  despondent, despairing, forlorn, hopeless
A: ♣反  hopeful, optimistic 充满希望的，乐观的

Q:despicable  ['despikəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人鄙视的： arousing or deserving of one's loathing and disgust
A: ♣例  even within the prison population, pedophiles are regarded as particularly despicable 即使在囚犯内部，恋童癖者也被认为极其让人鄙视的。
A: ♣近  contemptible, detestable, dishonorable
A: ♣反  admirable, commendable, creditable, meritorious, praiseworthy 值得赞扬的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不荣耀的，不得体的： not following or in accordance with standards of honor and decency
A: ♣例  the cad's despicable behavior toward women 公车售票员对女性不得体的举动
A: ♣近  currish, dirty, execrable, ignominious, sordid, wretched
A: ♣反  honorable, lofty, noble, upright, venerable, virtuous 崇高的

Q:despise  [di'spaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 极其不喜欢： to dislike strongly
A: ♣例  I despise anchovies on pizza, and I refuse to eat them. 我鄙视在披萨上的凤尾鱼，所以从来不吃。
A: ♣近  abhor, abominate, detest, execrate, loathe, disregard, flout
A: ♣反  love 喜欢

Q:despotic  [de'spɔtik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 专制的，暴虐的： arbitrary, autocratic, monocratic, tyrannical
A: ♣例  a despotic tyrant 专制的暴君
A: ♣近  authoritative, dictatorial, imperious, overbearing, peremptory, tyrannous

Q:desultory  ['desəltəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无计划、无目的的： lacking a definite plan, purpose, or pattern
A: ♣例  a desultory search for something of interest on TV 漫无目的的换台
A: ♣近  digressive, excursive, meandering, rambling, wandering
A: ♣反  carefully planned, strictly methodical, assiduous 精心计划的，有系统的，勤勉的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 令人失望的： disappointing in progress, performance, or quality
A: ♣例  a desultory fifth place finish 让人失望的第五名

Q:detach  [di'tætʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 分离： to separate or unfasten; disconnect
A: ♣例  Detach the white part of the application form and keep it. 撕下申请表的白色部分并予以保留。
A: ♣反  tether 束缚

Q:detain  [di'tein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 拘留： to hold or keep in or as if in custody
A: ♣例  detained by the police for questioning 被警察扣留下问讯
A: ♣反  manumit 释放

Q:deter  [di'tə:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 吓住，威慑： to prevent or discourage from acting, as by means of fear or doubt
A: ♣例  wouldn’t be deterred by threats 不被威胁吓住
A: ♣近  dissuade, inhibit
A: ♣反  spur, courage, persuade 激励
A: ♣派  deterrent adj/ n. 威慑力量，威慑的
A: ♣例  deterrent weapons 威慑性武器; a deterrent to theft 对偷窃的威慑
A: ♣反  inducement, incentive 引诱，刺激

Q:deterioration  [di,tiəriə'reiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 恶化；堕落： a gradual sinking and wasting away of mind or body
A: ♣例  a continuing deterioration in relations between the two countries 两国关系的持续恶化
A: ♣近  decadence, degeneration, deterioration, devolution, downfall, downgrade
A: ♣反  improvement, recovery, recuperation, rehabilitation, revitalization 改进，改善

Q:detour  [di'tuə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 偏离正常标准： a turning away from a course or standard
A: ♣例  we'll regard this relapse as just a brief detour on your road to recovery from substance abuse 我们把这次旧病复发看成你戒瘾道路上的一个小偏离
A: ♣近  deflection, departure, deviation, divergency
A: ♠考法2  v. 改变方向或者路线： to change one's course or direction
A: ♣例  we had to detour for a few miles around the section of highway under construction 我们不得不绕远几公里为了避开正在维修的高速公路路段
A: ♣近  deviate, diverge, sheer, swerve, veer

Q:detract  [di'trækt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 贬低： to diminish the importance, value, or effectiveness of something
A: ♣例  It is wrong to detract from the achievements of other people in the same field. 贬低同行是不对的。
A: ♣近  belittle, depreciate, derogate, disparage, dispraise, write off
A: ♣反  extol, praise, eulogize, laud, panegyrize 赞美
A: ♠考法2  v. 使分心： to draw the attention or mind to something else
A: ♣例  Numerous typos in the text detract the reader's attention from the novel's intricate plot. 许多打印错误把读者分心，不关注复杂的情节了。
A: ♣近  divert, abstract, call off

Q:detritus  [di'traitəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 废品，碎屑，遗骸： a product of disintegration, destruction, or wearing away: debris
A: ♣例  the detritus of war 战争的遗骸
A: ♣近  debris, residue, wreck
A: ♣反  valuable product 有用的物品

Q:devoted  [di'vəutid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 投入的，忠诚的： characterized by loyalty and devotion
A: ♣例  Good teachers are devoted to learning. 好老师会专心学习。
A: ♣近  constant, loyal, allegiant, dedicated, devout, loyal, pious, staunch, steadfast
A: ♣反  disloyal, faithless, perfidious, unfaithful 不忠诚的；recreant, traitorous, treacherous 背叛的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 示爱的，恩爱的： feeling or showing love
A: ♣例  a devoted couple will enjoy sharing their lives with one another. 一对恩爱的情侣喜欢和对方一起度过自己的人生。
A: ♣近  adoring, affectionate, fond, tender, tenderhearted
A: ♣反  unloving 无爱心的，冷漠的

Q:devout  [di'vaut]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （对于宗教）虔诚的： devoted to religion or to religious duties or exercises
A: ♣例  a devout Buddhist 虔诚的佛教徒
A: ♣近  pious, religious, sainted
A: ♣反  antireligious, impious 不虔诚的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 忠诚的： firm in one's allegiance to someone or something
A: ♣例  Devout Mavericks fans never lost faith in Nowitzki. 忠诚的小牛队球迷从来没有对诺维斯基失去信心。
A: ♣近  constant, loyal, allegiant, dedicated, devout, loyal, pious, staunch, steadfast
A: ♣反  disloyal, faithless, perfidious, unfaithful 不忠诚的；recreant, traitorous, treacherous 背叛的

Q:dexterous  ['dekstərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 动作灵活的： ready and skilled in physical movements
A: ♣例  a dexterous surgeon 技术娴熟的外科医生 || The dexterous watchmaker was able to repair the antique watch's delicate gears and parts. 手巧的手表匠能够修理古董手表的精密的齿轮和部件。
A: ♣近  deft, handy
A: ♣反  ham-fisted, ham-handed, handless, heavy-handed, unhandy 手笨的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 头脑灵活的： mentally adroit and skillful: clever
A: ♣近  adroit, clever, cunning
A: ♣反  dull, foolish, silly, fatuous, unwise 傻的

Q:diabolic  ['daiə'bɔlik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶魔一般的： of, relating to, or characteristic of the devil
A: ♣例  The police quickly mobilized to track down the diabolical serial killer. 警察迅速调动起来来追查出这个恶魔般的连环杀人狂。
A: ♣近  demoniac, demonian, demonic, devilish, satanic
A: ♣反  angelic, seraphic 天使般的

Q:diaphanous  [dai'æfənəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 模糊的，非实在的： vague or insubstantial
A: ♣例  only a diaphanous hope of success 只有一丝成功的希望
A: ♣近  vague, obscure, unexplicit, insubstantial, immaterial
A: ♣反  substantial 实在的；clear, distinct 清晰的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （质地精致得）几乎透明的： of such fine texture as to be transparent or translucent
A: ♣例  The bride wore a diaphanous veil. 新娘戴着透明的面纱。
A: ♣近  transparent, translucent, transpicuous, gossamer
A: ♣反  opaque, impermeable of light 不透明的, 不透光的

Q:diatribe  ['daiətraib]
A: ♠考法1  n. 长篇抨击性演讲： a long angry speech or scolding
A: ♣例  He was forced to sit through a long diatribe. 他被迫耐着性子听完一个长篇抨击性演讲。
A: ♣近  tirade, harangue, jeremiad, philippic, rant
A: ♠考法2  n. 挖苦，讽刺的指责： ironic or satirical criticism
A: ♣例  The movie reviewer wrote a diatribe of the movie describing it as having excessive sex and violence. 那个影评人指责这个电影还有过多的色情和暴力。
A: ♣近  irony, satire
A: ♣反  encomium, eulogy, panegyric, tribute, laudatory piece of writing 颂词，赞赏作品

Q:dichotomy  [dai'kɔtəmi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 一分为二，分割： a division into two especially mutually exclusive or contradictory groups or entities
A: ♣例  a dichotomy between the academic world and the industrial world 学术界和工业界的割裂
A: ♣近  bifurcation, breakup, cleavage, division, fractionalization, partition, schism, scission, split, sundering
A: ♣反  unification, union 统一

Q:dictate  [dik'teit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 指令，命令： a command by one in authority
A: ♣例  followed the dictates of my conscience 遵从我的良心准则‖The army must abide by the dictates of the new government. 军队必须服从新政府的命令。
A: ♣近  behest, charge, commandment, decree, direction, directive, edict, imperative, injunction, instruction, order
A: ♠考法2  vt. （仗着地位、权力）下令： to request the doing of by virtue of one’s authority
A: ♣例  The general dictated that the terms of surrender be negotiated by his senior staff. 将军要求投降书中的若干条款交付手下的高级将领进行讨论。
A: ♣近  call, decree, direct, impose, mandate, ordain, order, prescribe
A: ♣反  cancel, countermand, rescind 撤销命令
A: ♣派  dictator n. 独裁者

Q:didactic  [di'dæktik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 喜欢说教的： designed or intended to teach
A: ♣例  Parents’ speech to their kids often seems to be painfully didactic. 父母对他们孩子的话都是让人痛苦的说教。
A: ♣近  homiletic, preachy, moralistic, sententious
A: ♣反  undidactic 不喜欢说教的

Q:diehard  ['daihɑ:d]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顽固的，保守的/ n. 顽固的人，保守的人： strongly or fanatically determined or devoted/ someone who opposes change and refuses to accept new ideas
A: ♣例  Some diehard smokers belied the doctors’ suggestion. 一些顽固的烟民违背了医生们的建议。
A: ♣近  conservative, hidebound, old-fashioned, reactionary, ultraconservative
A: ♣反  liberal, nonconservative, open-minded, liberal 自由的，开放的

Q:diffident  ['difidənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不自信的： hesitant in acting or speaking through lack of self-confidence
A: ♣例  He is diffident to express his opinions in public. 他在公共场合表达自己的观点时有点害羞
A: ♣近  unassured, bashful, retiring, self-effacing, withdrawn
A: ♣反  confident, assured, self-assured, self-confident 自信的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 内向的： reserved in manner; unassertive
A: ♣例  She was diffident about stating her opinion. 她很内向，表达自己的观点的时候有点害羞。
A: ♣近  introverted
A: ♣反  extroverted, outgoing 外向的

Q:diffuse  [di'fju:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 罗嗦的： being at once verbose and ill-organized
A: ♣例  a diffuse report 冗长的报告
A: ♣近  circuitous, circumlocutory, long-winded, prolix, verbose, windy, rambling
A: ♣反  concise, pithy, succinct, terse, laconic 简洁的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不集中的，扩散的： not concentrated or localized
A: ♣例  diffuse lighting 散射光
A: ♣反  concentrated 集中的
A: ♠考法3  v. 扩展，散开： extend, scatter
A: ♣例  The photographer uses a screen to diffuse the light. 摄影师用一个屏幕来分散光线。
A: ♣近  spread, extend, disperse, disseminate, scatter
A: ♣反  concentrate, center, centralize, focus 集中

Q:digress  [dai'ɡres]
A: ♠考法1  v. 脱离主题： to turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument
A: ♣例  digress from her prepared subject 脱离她准备好的主题 || He digressed so often that it was hard to follow what he was saying. 他经常跑题，以至于我们很难跟上他说的内容。
A: ♣近  excurse, ramble, diverge, get off the subject
A: ♣派  digressive adj.偏离的
A: ♣近  discursive
A: ♣派  digression n. 题外话： the act or an instance of digressing in a discourse
A: ♣近  aside

Q:dike  [daik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 堤坝，水坝： a bank usually of earth constructed to control or confine water
A: ♣例  An elaborate system of dikes was built to protect the lowlands from the relentless onslaught of the sea. 建立了一套精密复杂的堤坝系统，使低地不再受到海水的无情侵袭。
A: ♣近  dam, embankment, levee
A: ♠考法2  n. 水沟，水渠： a long narrow channel dug in the earth
A: ♣例  Water flowed along the dike to the small pond. 水沿着沟渠流入小池塘。
A: ♣近  ditch, gutter, trench

Q:dilapidate  [di'læpideit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使荒废： to bring into a condition of decay or partial ruin
A: ♣例  The house has been dilapidated by neglect. 由于没人照看，这个房子已经要荒废了。
A: ♣近  ruin, wreck
A: ♣反  be in use 还在使用；restore 恢复使用；mend, repair 修理；rejuvenate, renew, renovate 翻新

Q:dilate  [dai'leit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使膨胀，扩大： to enlarge or expand in bulk or extent；to become wide
A: ♣例  The cat dilated its eyes in the darkness. 猫在黑暗中睁大眼睛。|| The drug dilates the blood vessels. 药使血管膨胀。
A: ♣近  expand, amplify, enlarge
A: ♣反  contract 收缩；narrow 使变窄
A: ♠考法2  v. 详细表达： to express more fully and in greater detail
A: ♣例  He refused to dilate upon his plan for improving the economy in the event that he won the election. 他拒绝在他赢得选举的情况下透露更多关于振兴经济计划的细节。
A: ♣近  amplify, develop, elaborate on, flesh out, dilate on, enlarge on
A: ♣反  abbreviate, abridge, condense, shorten 删减，缩短

Q:dilatory  ['dilətəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 拖延的，磨蹭的： tending or intended to cause delay, characterized by procrastination
A: ♣例  dilatory tactics 拖延战术 || The homeowner is claiming that local firefighters were dilatory in responding to the call. 业主声称本地的消防队员对（火警）电话的有拖延。
A: ♣近  delaying, procrastinating, dragging, lagging, tardy
A: ♣反  rapid, fast, fleet, precipitate, rocketing, swift hasty, hurrying, scurrying 快速的

Q:dilettante  [,dili'tænti]
A: ♠考法1  n./ adj. 业余爱好者（对艺术或知识领域涉猎浅薄者）/ 缺乏专业技术的： a person having a superficial interest in an art/ lacking or showing a lack of expert skill
A: ♣例  Dilettante watch the scene of bustle, adept guard the entrance. 外行看热闹，内行看门道。|| Many dilettante efforts could be seen at the sidewalk art show. 街边艺术展上可以看到很多技术业余的作品
A: ♣近  dabbler, amateur, nonexpert, nonprofessional, cognoscente
A: ♣反  authority, expert, pro, professional, specialist 专家

Q:diligent  ['dilidʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勤勉的，辛勤的： characterized by steady, earnest, and energetic effort: painstaking
A: ♣例  A new bride is diligent for three days. 新娶媳妇三日勤。|| a student who has been unceasingly diligent in pursuit of a degree in mathematics. 一个不断勤奋追求数学学位的学生
A: ♣近  assiduous, industrious, sedulous, engaged, hopping, tied-up
A: ♣反  idle, inactive, unbusy, unemployed, unoccupied 空闲的

Q:dilute  [dai'lju:t]
A: ♠考法1  v. 稀释： to make thinner or less concentrated by adding a liquid such as water/ of relatively low strength or concentration
A: ♣例  dilute a color 稀释色彩 || a dilute acid that's safe to handle in the classroom 稀释了的可以安全在教室处理的酸
A: ♣近  thin
A: ♣反  condense, densify, concentrate, thicken 使浓缩
A: ♠考法2  vt. 削弱： to diminish the strength, flavor, or brilliance of by admixture
A: ♣例  The hiring of the new CEO diluted the power of the company's president. 新的CEO削弱了董事长的权力。
A: ♣近  weaken
A: ♣反  fortify, strengthen 增强

Q:diminish  [di'miniʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 变小，减少： to become smaller or less
A: ♣例  diminish an army's strength 削弱军队力量 || The sound of the train diminished as our distance from it increased. 当我们距离火车的越远时，火车的声音就越小。
A: ♣近  abate, dwindle, lessen, lower, reduce, decline
A: ♣反  aggrandize, amplify, augment, boost, enlarge, escalate, expand, increase, raise, balloon 增加，增大
A: ♠考法2  v. 轻视，贬低： to lessen the authority, dignity, or reputation of : belittle
A: ♣例  diminish a rival's accomplishments 贬低对手的成就
A: ♣近  belittle, deprecate, depreciate, disparage
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify, laud, praise 赞美

Q:din  [din]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喧闹声，嘈杂声： a loud continued noise
A: ♣例  The din of the engines was deafening. 引擎的嘈杂声震耳欲聋。|| There's always a great din from the cafeteria during lunch. 午餐时间经常从咖啡店里传来很大的喧闹声。
A: ♣近  blare, bluster, cacophony, chatter, clamor, discordance, racket, rattle, roar
A: ♣反  quiet, silence, still 安静
A: ♠考法2  v. 重复： to say or state again
A: ♣例  Safety lessons dinned into us over and over. 我们一遍又一遍的进行安全教育。
A: ♣近  iterate, rehearse, reiterate

Q:dingy  [dindʒi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 昏暗的，肮脏的： darkened with smoke and grime; dirty or discolored.
A: ♣例  A dingy room is always Dickensian image of the poor. 一个肮脏而昏暗的房间经常作为狄更斯时代的穷人形象。|| The bed sheets were pretty dingy so we threw them in the laundry pile. 床单太脏了以至于我们把它扔进了脏衣服堆。
A: ♣近  darkened, dirty, bedraggled, bemired, besmirched, dusty, mucky, muddy, nasty, smudged, soiled, sordid, stained, sullied
A: ♣反  clean, cleanly, immaculate, spotless, stainless, unsoiled, unstained, unsullied 干净的

Q:diocesan  [dai'ɔsisən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 主教管辖区的： of or relating to a diocese
A: ♣例  national or diocesan authority 国家或教区权利
A: ♣反  ecumenical 世界范围的

Q:diplomatic  [,diplə'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 使用策略的，机智的： employing tact and conciliation especially in situations of stress
A: ♣例  be very diplomatic with awkward clients 总是有办法对付难缠的顾客
A: ♣近  diplomatic, politic
A: ♣反  gauche, impolitic, tactless, undiplomatic, untactful 笨拙的，不机智的

Q:dire  ['daiə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不吉利的，不祥的： being or showing a sign of evil or calamity to come
A: ♣例  a dire forecast of a plunge in stock prices 股市大跌不祥的预测
A: ♣近  baleful, direful, foreboding, ill-boding, inauspicious, menacing, minatory, portentous, sinister, threatening
A: ♣反  propitious , unthreatening 吉利的，吉祥的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 可怕的，恐怖的： causing fear
A: ♣例  a series of dire tremors that hinted at a volcanic eruption 一系列暗示火山爆发的恐怖的震动
A: ♣近  alarming, dire, direful, dread, dreadful, fearsome, forbidding, formidable, frightening, frightful, ghastly, hair-raising, horrendous, horrible, horrifying, intimidating, redoubtable, scary, shocking, terrible, terrifying
A: ♠考法3  adj. 迫切的：needing immediate attention; urgent
A: ♣例  There is a dire need for food and medicine in the famine-stricken country. 在闹饥荒的国家迫切需要食物和药品。
A: ♣近  immediate, burning, compelling, critical, crying, emergent, exigent, imperative, imperious, importunate, instant, necessitous, pressing, urgent
A: ♣反  nonurgent, noncritical 不迫切的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 悲惨的： causing or marked by an atmosphere lacking in cheer
A: ♣例

Q:dirge  [də:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 挽歌： a slow, solemn, and mournful piece of music
A: ♣例  This funeral dirge is for the dead friend. 这首葬礼挽歌是写给故去的朋友的。
A: ♣近  elegy, requiem

Q:disabuse  [,disə'bju:z]
A: ♠考法1  v. 打消错误念头，纠正：to free from error, fallacy, or misconception
A: ♣例  disabuse sb. of the notion that… 打消某人的…观点 || I must disabuse you of your feelings of grandeur. 我必须去消除你的傲气。
A: ♣近  disenchant, undeceive
A: ♣反  lead into error 导致错误；mislead 误导

Q:disaffected  [disə'fektid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不满的，叛逆的： discontented and resentful especially against authority; rebellious
A: ♣例  gangs of disaffected teenagers 一群叛逆的年轻人 || The soldiers were disaffected toward the government. 那些士兵对政府不满.
A: ♣近  discontented, dissatisfied, malcontent, rebellious, insubordinate, contumacious
A: ♣反  satisfied, contented 满足的
A: ♣派  disaffect v. 使不安，使不满： to fill with discontent and unrest
A: ♣近  dissatisfy, agitate, upset
A: ♣反  mollify 平息，抚慰

Q:disarm  [dis'ɑ:m]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 解除武装： to give up or reduce armed forces
A: ♣例  disarm the captured soldiers 解除被捕士兵的武装 || The defeated nation was disarmed so that it would never again be a threat to international order. 战败国被解除武装，这样一来它就不会再对国际秩序造成威胁了。
A: ♣近  demilitarize
A: ♣反  arm, militarize, put on guard 装备武器
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使息怒，平息抚慰： to lessen the anger or agitation of
A: ♣例  Her future father-in-law was totally disarmed by her words. 她未来的继父听了她的话彻底没脾气了。
A: ♣近  appease, assuage, conciliate, gentle, mollify, placate, propitiate
A: ♣反  anger, enrage, incense, inflame, enflame, infuriate, ire, madden, outrage 煽动激起
A: ♠考法3  v. 使无害： to make harmless
A: ♣例  disarm a bomb 拆除炸弹

Q:disarray  [,disə'rei]
A: ♠考法1  n. 混乱，无秩序： a lack of order or sequence
A: ♣例  The room was in disarray. 房间一片混乱。
A: ♣近  confusion, disarrangement, disorder, disorderliness, disorganization, havoc, mess, messiness, misorder, muddle, muss, shambles, jumble, welter
A: ♣反  order, orderliness 有序
A: ♠考法2  v. 使混乱： to undo the proper order or arrangement of
A: ♣例  Changing offices disarrayed my papers completely. 办公室搬迁，使我的文件全部乱套了.
A: ♣近  confuse, disarrange, discompose, dishevel, dislocate, disorganize, disrupt, disturb, hash, jumble, muddle, muss, rumple, scramble, upset, mess up, mix up
A: ♣反  arrange, array, dispose, order, organize, range, regulate, straighten up 使有序

Q:disavow  [,disə'vau]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 拒绝承认，否认： to disclaim knowledge of, responsibility for, or association with；to declare not to be true
A: ♣例  disavow the rumor 否认谣言 || She disavowed the testimony that she had given earlier in the trial. 她在审判中否认了自己之前的证词。
A: ♣近  deny, repudiate, disaffirm, disclaim, disconfirm, gainsay, negate
A: ♣反  acknowledge, avow, concede 承认

Q:discern  [di'sə:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 识别，辨别差异：to perceive with the eyes or intellect; detect
A: ♣例  discern the motives 辨识出动机 || too young to discern between right and wrong 太年轻了而辨别不了是非
A: ♣近  behold, descry, distinguish, espy, perceive, regard, differentiate, discriminate
A: ♣反  confuse, mix up 混淆
A: ♣派  discerning adj. 有洞察力的，洞悉的：showing insight and understanding
A: ♣例  a very discerning art critic 眼光敏锐有洞察力的艺术评论家 || She has a discerning palate. 她的味觉很敏锐。
A: ♣近  insightful, incisive
A: ♣反  myopic, shortsighted 目光短浅的；undiscerning 无辨别能力的
A: ♣派  discernible/ discernable adj. 可辨识的，可辨别的：perceptible
A: ♣例  a discernible mark 可辨别的痕迹
A: ♣近  perceptible, detectable, distinguishable
A: ♣反  indiscernible, imperceptible 不可辨识的

Q:discharge  [dis'tʃɑ:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 解雇： to dismiss from employment
A: ♣例  discharge a worker/soldier 开除员工/军籍
A: ♣近  fire, dismiss
A: ♣反  employ, engage, hire, take on, sign up or on 雇佣
A: ♠考法2  n. 不承担责任： a freeing from an obligation or responsibility
A: ♣例  a full discharge from responsibility for the accident 对事故完全不负有责任
A: ♣近  delivery, quietus, quittance
A: ♠考法3  v. 释放： to set free (as from slavery or confinement)
A: ♣例  discharged the prisoners upon the signing of the peace treaty 根据和约释放罪犯
A: ♣近  disenthrall, emancipate, enfranchise, liberate, loose, manumit, release, spring, unbind, uncage, unchain, unfetter
A: ♣反  bind, confine, enchain, fetter 监禁，束缚

Q:disciple  [di'saipl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 信徒，追随者： one who accepts and assists in spreading the doctrines of another, follower
A: ♣例  A circle of dedicated disciples who conscientiously wrote down everything the prophet said. 一圈忠实的信徒认真的记下了先知所说的话。
A: ♣近  acolyte, adherent, convert, epigone, partisan, votary
A: ♣反  leader, coryphaeus 领导者

Q:discombobulate  [diskəm'bɔbjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使不安，使混乱： upset, confuse
A: ♣例  invent cool new ways to discombobulate the old order 发明新的好方法打乱了旧秩序
A: ♣近  upset, addle, baffle, bamboozle, befog, befuddle, confound, fuddle, gravel, muddle, muddy, mystify, perplex, puzzle, vex
A: ♣反  compose, soothe, calm, pacify 使安定

Q:discomfit  [dis'kʌmfit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使尴尬： to put into a state of perplexity and embarrassment
A: ♣例  He was discomfited by the awkward situation of having his ex-girlfriend meet his current one. 他的前女友看到他现任女友的情况让他很尴尬。
A: ♣近  embarrass, abash, faze, fluster, mortify, nonplus, rattle
A: ♠考法2  v. 阻碍： to prevent from achieving a goal
A: ♣例  Constant interruptions discomfited her in her attempt to finish the speech. 经常的打断她讲话使她无法完成演讲。
A: ♣近  balk, foil, thwart, baffle, checkmate
A: ♣反  advance, forward, foster, further, promote 推进，促进；encourage 鼓励

Q:discommode  [,diskə'məud]
A: ♠考法1  v. 打扰，使不便： to cause inconvenience to: trouble
A: ♣例  The breakdown of her car didn't discommode her seriously. 车的故障没有给他带来很大麻烦。
A: ♣近  disturb, trouble, incommode, put out
A: ♣反  accommodate, assist, oblige, favor 帮忙

Q:discompose  [,diskəm'pəuz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使不安： to disturb the composure or calm of; perturb
A: ♣例  GRE does not seem to discompose Jason; on the contrary, he looked rather relaxed. GRE没有使Jason感到慌乱，正相反，他看上去很轻松。
A: ♣近  agitate, bother, discomfort, disquiet, distemper, disconcert, disturb, perturb, upset, weird out
A: ♣反  calm, compose, quiet, settle, soothe, tranquilize 平息抚慰
A: ♠考法2  v. 使混乱： to undo the proper order or arrangement of
A: ♣例  The wind ruffled her hair and discomposed her carefully arranged papers. 风凌乱了她的头发，吹乱了她细心整理的纸张。
A: ♣近  disarrange, disarray, disorganize
A: ♣反  arrange, array, order, organize, range 使有序

Q:disconcert  [,diskən'sə:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使不安： to disturb the composure of
A: ♣例  We were disconcerted by the unexpected changes to the program. 我们对项目未预料到的变化感到不安。
A: ♣近  abash, discomfit, disconcert, discountenance, mortify, rattle
A: ♣反  calm, compose, quiet, settle, soothe, tranquilize 平息抚慰

Q:discord  ['diskɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 意见不一致，不和谐： lack of agreement or harmony (as between persons, things, or ideas)
A: ♣例  No discord, no concord. 不打不成交。
A: ♣近  conflict, disaccord, discordance, disharmony, dissension, dissidence, dissonance, disunion, disunity, division, friction, inharmony, schism, strife
A: ♣反  accord, agreement, concord, harmony, peace 和谐
A: ♣派  discordant adj. 不和谐的，刺耳的： disagreeable in sound; harsh or dissonant
A: ♣近  dissonant, cacophonous, disharmonic, disharmonious
A: ♣反  concordant, harmonious 和谐的

Q:discredit  [dis'kredit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 羞辱，使丧失名誉： to damage in reputation; disgrace.
A: ♣例  discredit his opponents 羞辱他的对手
A: ♣近  abase, debase, degrade, demean, disgrace, dishonor, humiliate, shame, sink, smirch, take down
A: ♣反  aggrandize 提高名誉；canonize, deify 神化；elevate 提升；exalt 赞扬
A: ♠考法2  v. 怀疑，不相信： to think not to be true or real
A: ♣例  I discredit the story that the old house is haunted. 我怀疑那个房子闹鬼不是真的。
A: ♣近  negate, doubt, distrust
A: ♣反  accept, believe, credit 接受，相信；confirm, prove, validate, verify 证实

Q:discreet  [dis'kri:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （言行）谨慎的： having or showing good judgment and restraint especially in conduct or speech
A: ♣例  He was very discreet, only saying what was necessary. 他是个十分谨慎的人，从来不说多余的话。
A: ♣近  intelligent, judicious, prudent
A: ♣近  imprudent, indiscreet, injudicious 不谨慎的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不易察觉的： not readily seen or noticed
A: ♣例  With a discreet gesture, she signaled to her husband that she was ready to leave the party. 她用一个不起眼的手势向丈夫暗示准备离开聚会。‖followed at a discreet distance 远远地跟踪
A: ♣近  inconspicuous, invisible, unnoticeable, unobtrusive
A: ♣近  apparent, conspicuous, distinct, evident, manifest, noticeable, obvious, patent, visible 明显的

Q:discrepancy  [dis'krepənsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. （在事实和宣称之间的）差异或矛盾： divergence or disagreement, as between facts or claims
A: ♣例  a large discrepancy between the ideal image and the reality 理想与现实之间的巨大差距
A: ♣近  contrast, disagreement, disparity, dissimilarity, distance, distinction, diversity
A: ♣反  converge concord consonant 一致，和谐；analogousness, community, resemblance, similarity 相似

Q:discrete  [dis'kri:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 离散的，不连续的：constituting a separate entity
A: ♣例  a discrete variable 离散变量
A: ♣近  detached, disconnected, unattached, unconnected, separate
A: ♣反  continuous 连续的；attached, connected, joined, linked 连接的

Q:discretion  [dis'kreʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 谨慎： the quality of being discreet; circumspection
A: ♣例  You must show discretion in choosing your teammates. 你选择队友时必须慎重。
A: ♣近  discreetness, prudence
A: ♣反  imprudence, indiscretion
A: ♣派  indiscretion n. 不谨慎，不符合社会道德规范： an act at variance with the accepted morality of a society
A: ♣例  resign because of financial indiscretions 因为财政方面的不检点而辞职
A: ♠考法2  n. 自制，节制： the checking of one's true feelings and impulses when dealing with others
A: ♣例  In that job you'll be expected to show discretion and act like a professional at all times. 那项工作要求你时刻自制节制，表现得像一个专业人士。
A: ♣近  continence, discipline, inhibition, refrainment, restraint, self-control, self-restraint
A: ♣反  disinhibition, incontinence, unconstraint 不自制，不节制

Q:discretionary  [dis'kreʃənəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 自主决定的： left to discretion : exercised at one's own discretion
A: ♣例  In many restaurants, discretionary tipping is being replaced by a standard service charge. 在很多饭店，标准的服务价格取代了随意支付的小费。
A: ♣近  elective, voluntary
A: ♣反  compulsory, mandatory, nonelective, nonvoluntary, obligatory, required 强制性的，非自愿的

Q:discriminate  [dis'krimineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 区分： to perceive the distinguishing features of; recognize as distinct
A: ♣例  discriminate different kinds of animals 区分不同的动物
A: ♣近  differentiate, discern, distinguish
A: ♣反  confuse, mistake, mix up 混淆
A: ♠考法2  vi. 歧视： to make a difference in treatment or favor on a basis other than individual merit
A: ♣例  The new law discriminated against lower-paid workers. 这条新法律歧视低工资的工人。
A: ♣派  discriminatory adj. 差别对待的： marked by or showing prejudice; biased
A: ♣近  prejudiced, biased
A: ♣反  equitable, impartial, unbiased, impersonal, unprejudiced 公平的

Q:discursive  [dis'kə:siv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （谈话内容）杂乱的： moving from topic to topic without order
A: ♣例  a long, discursive article 冗长杂乱的文章 || The speaker's discursive style made it difficult to understand his point. 演讲者讲话杂乱，很难让人理解他的观点。
A: ♣近  desultory, digressional, excursive, meandering, rambling, wandering
A: ♣反  keen on title, concentrated 关注主题的，集中的

Q:disdain  [dis'dein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 轻视，鄙视： to look on with scorn
A: ♣例  disdain that man for snobbishness 鄙视那个势利小人
A: ♣近  contemn, disrespect, slight, sniff, snub, look down
A: ♣反  honor, respect 尊敬；treat favorably 亲切地对待

Q:disenchant  [,disin'tʃɑ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使清醒： to free from illusion
A: ♣例  If you thought that you could pass this course without doing any work, let me be the first to disenchant you. 如果你觉得你不做任何功课也能及格，那就让我做第一个让你清醒的人。
A: ♣近  disabuse, undeceive
A: ♣反  beguile, cozen, delude, dupe, fool, gull, hoax, hoodwink, misguide, misinform, mislead 诱骗

Q:disengage  [,disin'ɡeidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 分开： to set free from entanglement or difficulty
A: ♣例  Disengage the gears when you park the car. 当你停车的时候要把（传动）齿轮分开。|| seek to disengage myself from the embarrassing situation 试图把我自己从尴尬的气氛中解救出来
A: ♣近  disengage, disentangle, untangle
A: ♣反  embroil, entangle 卷入；mesh 啮合

Q:disgorge  [dis'ɡɔ:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 呕吐出： to discharge by the throat and mouth; vomit
A: ♣例  He cannot disgorge a fish bone without the doctor’s assistant. 没有医生的帮助他吐不出鱼刺来。|| The volcano disgorged lava. 火山喷出岩浆。
A: ♣近  belch, disgorge, eject, eruct, expel, jet, spew, spout
A: ♣反  swallow, ingest 吞下，咽下
A: ♠考法2  v. 放弃： to give up on request or under pressure
A: ♣例  The corrupt officials refused to disgorge his ill-gotten gains. 贪官们拒绝放弃赃款。

Q:disgruntle  [dis'ɡrʌntl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使发怒，使不满意：to make ill-humored or discontented
A: ♣例  be disgruntled with sb 对某人不满
A: ♣近  disaffect, displease, dissatisfy, disgruntle
A: ♣反  content, gratify, please, satisfy 使满意
A: ♠考法2  v. 使疏远，使不友好：to cause to change from friendly or loving to unfriendly or uncaring
A: ♣近  alien, alienate
A: ♣反  reconcile 调解，使和谐

Q:disguise  [dis'ɡaiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 伪装（防止被认出）： to modify the manner or appearance of in order to prevent recognition
A: ♣例  He always disguises his true feelings. 他经常掩饰自己的真实感受。
A: ♣近  camouflage, costume, mask
A: ♣反  unmask 使露出真相
A: ♠考法2  v. 隐藏： to keep secret or shut off from view
A: ♣例  That investigative reporter usually does a good job of disguising her true motives for interviewing a person. 当采访时，那个调查记者经常很好地隐藏自己的真实目的
A: ♣近  belie, blanket, conceal, cover, curtain, occult, veil
A: ♣反  bare, disclose, display, divulge, expose, reveal, show, uncover, unmask, unveil 暴露，展现

Q:dishearten  [dis'hɑ:tən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使沮丧，使失去信心： to cause to lose spirit or morale
A: ♣例  We were greatly disheartened by the news that our grandmother was seriously ill. 听到祖母病重的消息，我们都很沮丧。
A: ♣近  chill, daunt, demoralize, discourage, dismay, dispirit, frustrate, unnerve
A: ♣反  embolden, encourage, hearten, nerve, steel 使大胆，鼓励

Q:disinclination  [,disinkli'neiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不喜欢，厌恶，不情愿： a lack of willingness or desire to do or accept something；a lack of willingness or desire to do or accept something
A: ♣例  showing a marked disinclination 表现出明显的不情愿
A: ♣近  aversion, disfavor, disliking, disrelish, mislike, unwillingness
A: ♣反  appetite, favor, fondness, liking, partiality, preference, relish, inclination 喜欢；willingness 情愿

Q:disinfect  [,disin'fekt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 消毒，使无菌：to free from infection especially by destroying harmful microorganisms
A: ♣例  disinfect with bleaching powder 用漂白粉消毒
A: ♣近  sterilize
A: ♣反  infect, pollute, contaminate, taint 感染，污染

Q:disinter  [,disin'tə:]
A: ♠考法1  v. （从墓地里）掘出 ：to take out of the grave or tomb
A: ♣例  The Egyptian mummy was carefully disinterred in hopes that it would yield secrets about the Old Kingdom. 那个埃及木乃伊被小心地挖掘出来，人们希望它可以告诉我们关于这个古老王国的一些秘密。
A: ♣近  unbury, unearth
A: ♣反  bury, inter, tomb, inhume 埋葬

Q:disinterested  [dis'intristid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 公正的，无偏见的： free from selfish motive or interest: unbiased
A: ♣例  a disinterested decision 公正的决定
A: ♣近  equal, evenhanded, impartial, just, nonpartisan, dispassionate, objective, square, unbiased, unprejudiced
A: ♣反  biased, inequitable, nonobjective, one-sided, partial, partisan, prejudiced, unjust 不公正的，有偏见的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 没有兴趣的： having or showing a lack of interest or concern
A: ♣例  The city's philistines, naturally disinterested in art, voted to cut the museum's budget. 城市里对艺术本来就不感兴趣的俗人们，投票表决要缩进博物馆的预算。
A: ♣近  apathetic, incurious, insouciant, nonchalant, perfunctory, unconcerned
A: ♣反  concerned, interested 关心的，感兴趣的

Q:disjointed  [dis'dʒɔintid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 机能失调的： being thrown out of orderly function
A: ♣例  a disjointed society 混乱的社会
A: ♣近  chaotic, disorderly
A: ♣反  orderly, regular, systematic 有序的，规律的，系统的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不连贯的： not clearly or logically connected
A: ♣例  a disjointed speech about a hodgepodge of things 关于一大堆杂事的不连贯的演讲
A: ♣近  disconnected, unconnected
A: ♣反  coherent, connected 连贯的

Q:disjunctive  [dis'dʒʌŋktiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 分离的： marked by breaks or disunity
A: ♣例  a disjunctive narrative sequence 分散的叙述顺序
A: ♣反  conjunctive,connective 连接的
A: ♣派  disjunction n. 分离

Q:dismantle  [dis'mæntl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 分解，分拆：to take to pieces also : to destroy the integrity or functioning of
A: ♣例  dismantle a machine 分拆机器
A: ♣近  break down, knock down
A: ♣反  assemble, construct 组装

Q:dismay  [dis'mei]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使失去勇气： to cause to lose courage or resolution
A: ♣例  The excessive homework dismayed ourselves. 过量的作业让我们失去了信心。
A: ♣近  chill, daunt, dishearten, dispirit, frustrate, unnerve
A: ♣反  embolden, encourage, hearten, nerve 鼓励，使勇敢
A: ♠考法2  v. 使不安，使焦虑： to trouble the mind of; to make uneasy
A: ♣例  Parents became increasingly dismayed by their son's GPA. 父母对他们儿子的平均成绩非常焦虑。
A: ♣近  agitate, bother, discomfort, discompose, disquiet, distemper, distress, perturb, unsettle, upset
A: ♣反  calm, compose, quiet, soothe, tranquilize 平息抚慰

Q:disparage  [dis'pæridʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 贬低，轻蔑地说： to lower in rank or reputation; to speak of in a slighting or disrespectful way; belittle
A: ♣例  use the past to disparage the present 借古讽今 || Voters don't like political advertisements in which opponents disparage one another.选民不喜欢看到贬低竞争对手的政治广告。
A: ♣近  belittle, denigrate, deprecate, depreciate, derogate, degrade
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify, laud 赞扬

Q:disparate  ['dispərət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 迥然不同的：fundamentally distinct or different in kind; entirely dissimilar
A: ♣例  This couple of seemingly disparate topics have something in common. 这两个看似无关的主题其实有些相同之处。
A: ♣近  dissimilar, distinct, distinguishable, diverse, nonidentical, unalike
A: ♣反  alike, identical, indistinguishable, kindred, like, parallel, same, similar 相似的，相同的

Q:dispassionate  [dis'pæʃənət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 客观公正的，不易被情绪或偏见影响的：devoid of or unaffected by passion, emotion, or bias
A: ♣例  Journalists should aim to be dispassionate observers. 记者们应该朝着成为一个公正的观察者努力。
A: ♣近  disinterested, equal, equitable, evenhanded, impartial, just, nonpartisan, objective, unbiased, unprejudiced
A: ♣反  biased, inequitable, nonobjective, one-sided, partial, partisan, prejudiced, unjust 有偏见的，不公正的

Q:dispatch  [dis'pætʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 迅速： promptness and efficiency in performance or transmission
A: ♣例  do sth. with dispatch 迅速的做某事
A: ♣近  alacrity, haste, swiftness, expedition, promptitude
A: ♣反  leisureliness, delay, procrastination 悠然，拖延
A: ♠考法2  v. 发送，运输： to cause to go or be taken from one place to another
A: ♣例  to dispatch a messenger with urgent news 发送一个紧急消息
A: ♣近  transfer, transmit, transport, pack off
A: ♣反  accept, receive 接收
A: ♠考法3  v. 使死亡： to deprive of life
A: ♣例  dispatch a criminal处决罪犯 || The man dispatched the termites with professional efficiency. 那个男人技术纯熟地杀死了白蚁。
A: ♣反  animate 使有生命
A: ♠考法4  v. 获胜： to achieve a victory over
A: ♣例  They dispatched the other team with breaking a sweat. 他们险胜其他的队。
A: ♣近  conquer, defeat, subdue, triumph over, prevail over
A: ♣反  lose to 输

Q:dispose  [dis'pəuz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使倾向： to give a tendency to: incline
A: ♣例  faulty diet disposes one to sickness 营养不全面导致疾病
A: ♣派  disposed adj. 喜欢的： willing or likely，inclined
A: ♣例  not feel disposed to argue with her 不喜欢与她争执
A: ♣近  willing, inclined, predisposed, prone
A: ♣反  disinclined, indisposed 不喜欢的
A: ♠考法2  vi. 处理掉（与of连用，dispose of）： to get rid of; throw out
A: ♣派  disposal n. 处理，不再利用： the act of getting rid of something that is no longer wanted or needed
A: ♣例  the permanent disposal of radioactive wastes 对放射性废物的永久处理
A: ♠考法3  v. 布置有序： to place, distribute, or arrange especially in an orderly way
A: ♣例  Dispose the surgical instruments in the exact order in which they would be needed. 把手术仪器按他们被需要的顺序放置。
A: ♣近  array, arrange
A: ♣反  disarrange, disarray, disorder, upset, mess up, muss up 使混乱

Q:disprove  [dis'pru:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 证伪，证明为假： to prove to be false or wrong
A: ♣例  Magellan’s circumnavigation of the globe disproved any lingering notions that the earth is flat. 麦哲伦的环球旅行彻底否认了任何残存的“地球是平的”的观念。
A: ♣近  belie, confound, confute, debunk, disconfirm, discredit, falsify, rebut, refute, shoot down
A: ♣反  confirm, establish, prove, validate, verify 证实，证明为真

Q:disregard  [disri'ɡɑ:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 漠视，不关注： to pay no attention to
A: ♣例  disregard the advice of his executives 漠视执行管理者的建议
A: ♣近  ignore, overlook, slight
A: ♣反  heed, mind, regard, attend to 关注
A: ♠考法2  n. 缺乏兴趣，缺乏关心： lack of interest or concern
A: ♣例  Revelers fired guns in the air with complete disregard for the possible consequences. 饮酒狂欢者一点也不关心后果的开枪。
A: ♣近  apathy, disinterestedness, incuriosity, nonchalance, torpor, unconcern
A: ♣反  concern, interest, regard 关心，感兴趣

Q:dissect  [di'sekt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 仔细分析： to examine, analyze, or criticize in minute detail
A: ♣例  dissect some basic problems in mathematics analysis 仔细分析一些数学分析的基本问题 || let's dissect the plot of this thriller to see what makes it thrilling. 让我们来仔细分析一下这个恐怖电影为什么恐怖。
A: ♣近  analyze
A: ♠考法2  vt. 切成片(尤其是为了解剖研究)： to cut apart or separate (tissue), especially for anatomical study
A: ♣例  dissect the brain of Einstein 解剖爱因斯坦的大脑
A: ♣近  anatomize, assay, break down

Q:dissemble  [di'sembl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 用假象隐藏真相，掩饰： to put on a false appearance
A: ♣例  dissemble fear with a smile 用微笑来掩饰恐惧 || He dissembled happiness at the news that his ex-girlfriend was getting married to someone else. 他对其他人假装高兴听到前女友结婚的消息。
A: ♣近  dissimulate, affect, assume, bluff, counterfeit, fake, sham
A: ♣反  behave honestly 表现诚恳

Q:disseminate  [di'semineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 散播，传播： to spread abroad; promulgate
A: ♣例  disseminate Marxism-Leninism 传播马列主义 || The Internet allows us to disseminate information faster. 互联网允许我们更快的传播信息。
A: ♣近  broadcast, circulate, propagate
A: ♣反  gather, amass, garner 收集

Q:dissension  [di'senʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 意见不合：difference of opinion; disagreement
A: ♣例  Although we have dissension, we are friend all the same. 虽然我们意见不和，但我们还是朋友。|| There is a continued dissension among historians on the exact spot of Columbus's first landing. 关于哥伦布第一次的准确登陆地点这个问题，总是存在分歧。
A: ♣近  conflict, disaccord, discordance, discordancy, disharmony, dissent, dissidence, dissonance, disunion, disunity, division, friction, inharmony, schism, strife
A: ♣反  accord, agreement, concord, concordance, harmony, consensus, unanimity 不和谐，不一致

Q:dissent  [di'sent]
A: ♠考法1  v. 持异议，不同意： to differ in opinion
A: ♣例  I dissent from what you said. 我不同意你说的话。|| Anyone who dissented was encouraged to speak out while they had the chance. 谁有异议得到机会都可以发言。
A: ♣近  differ, disagree, nonconcur
A: ♣反  agree, assent, concur 同意
A: ♠考法2  n. 反对正统： departure from a generally accepted theory, opinion, or practice
A: ♣例  The church reacted to any form of dissent by promptly excommunicating its proponents. 教堂会立即开除任何反对正统教义的人。
A: ♣近  heterodoxy, nonconformity
A: ♣反  conformity 遵从；orthodoxy 正统
A: ♠考法3  n. 不和谐： a lack of agreement or harmony
A: ♣近  conflict, disaccord, discordance, discordancy, disharmony, dissent, dissidence, dissonance, disunion, disunity, division, friction, inharmony, schism, strife
A: ♣反  accord, agreement, concord, concordance, harmony, consensus, unanimity 不和谐，不一致

Q:dissipate  ['disipeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 驱散： to drive away; disperse.
A: ♣例  The wind finally dissipated the smoke. 风终于吹散了雾气。
A: ♣近  disband, dispel, disperse, scatter
A: ♣反  accumulate, gather, amass, cluster, assemble, concentrate, congregate 积聚
A: ♠考法2  vt. 浪费： to spend or expend intemperately or wastefully: squander
A: ♣例  dissipate too much time and effort 挥霍了太多的时间与精力
A: ♣近  waste, squander, lavish
A: ♣反  conserve 节省
A: ♠考法3  vi. 放纵： to indulge in the intemperate pursuit of pleasure, especially : to drink to excess
A: ♣近  indulge

Q:dissolute  ['disəlju:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 放荡的，无节制的： lacking moral restraint; indulging in sensual pleasures or vices.
A: ♣例  lead a dissolute life 过着放荡无节制的生活
A: ♣近  dissipated, libertine, rakish, reprobate
A: ♣反  abstinent, abstemious, temperate, ascetic, stoic, spartan, self-denying 自制节制的；pure, uncorrupt, uncorrupted 纯洁的，未堕落的

Q:dissolve  [di'zɔlv]
A: ♠考法1  v. 溶解，融化： to cause to pass into solution; to reduce (solid matter) to liquid form; melt
A: ♣例  Sugar dissolves in the water. 糖在水中溶解
A: ♣近  liquefy, melt
A: ♣反  coagulate, solidify, freeze 凝结，凝固，结冰
A: ♠考法2  vt. 解散： to break into component parts; disintegrate
A: ♣近  disintegrate, disband, break up
A: ♣反  consolidate, unify 使联合
A: ♠考法3  v. 消失： to cease to be visible; to cease to exist
A: ♣例  The mist dissolved in the morning sun. 雾消失在朝阳中。
A: ♣近  dematerialize, vanish
A: ♣反  appear 出现；materialize 使实物化
A: ♠考法4  v. 废除，撤销： to put an end to by formal action
A: ♣例  The king dissolved parliament. 国王废除了议会
A: ♣近  terminate, abrogate, annul, cancel, disannul, invalidate, negate, null, nullify, repeal, rescind

Q:dissonance  ['disənəns]
A: ♠考法1  n．不和谐，刺耳： a harsh, disagreeable combination of sounds; discord
A: ♣例  cognitive dissonance认识上的分歧 || Dissonance among the three partners doomed the project. 三个股东间的不调和注定了那计划的失败。
A: ♣近  conflict, disaccord, discordance, discordancy, disharmony, dissent, dissidence, dissonance, disunion, disunity, division, friction, inharmony, schism, strife
A: ♣反  accord, agreement, concord, concordance, harmony, consensus, unanimity 不和谐，不一致

Q:dissuade  [di'sweid]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 劝阻,反对： to deter (a person) from a course of action or a purpose by persuasion or exhortation
A: ♣例  dissuade sb. from (doing) sth 劝阻/反对某人做某事 || Her parents tried to dissuade her from her intention to drop out of college. 她的父母劝她不要退学。
A: ♣近  deter, dissuade, inhibit
A: ♣反  encourage 鼓励；persuade 说服

Q:distain  [dis'tein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 贬损，伤害名誉： loss of honor, respect, or reputation
A: ♣近  dishonor, belittle, denigrate, deprecate, depreciate, degrade
A: ♣反  praise, acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify, laud 赞扬
A: ♠考法2  v. 弄脏： to make dirty
A: ♣例  hands distained with blood 被血弄脏的手
A: ♣近  bemire, besmirch, daub, muddy, smirch, smudge, soil, stain, sully
A: ♣反  clean 使干净

Q:distal  [dis'təl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 远离中心的，（神经）末梢的： situated away from the point of attachment or origin or a central point
A: ♣例  the distal end of nerve 神经末梢
A: ♣反  proximal 接近中心的

Q:distend  [dis'tend]
A: ♠考法1  v. 膨胀：to swell out or expand from or as if from internal pressure
A: ♣例  The stomachs of starving people often distend. 饥民的肚子经常涨起来。
A: ♣近  expand, dilate, inflate, swell
A: ♣反  constrict, compress 收缩压缩

Q:distill  [dis'til]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 用蒸馏法提高纯度：to increase the concentration of, separate, or purify by or as if by distillation.
A: ♣例  distill the water before pouring it in the steam iron 在把水倒到熨斗里前蒸馏一下
A: ♣近  purify, filter, refine, fine
A: ♣派  distillate n. 蒸馏物，纯化物，本质：a purified form; an essence
A: ♠考法2  v. 渗出；滴下： to fall or let fall in or as if in drops
A: ♣例  The basement walls distill water every time it rains heavily. 地下室的墙壁每次下大雨都渗出水来。
A: ♣近  distill, dribble, drop, trickle

Q:distinctive  [dis'tiŋktiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 完全不同的： being not of the same kind
A: ♣例  She seems to alternate between two distinctive hairstyles. 她的发型似乎在两种截然不同的样式中交替。
A: ♣近  disparate, dissimilar, distant, distinct, distinguishable, diverse, unalike, unlike
A: ♣反  identical, indistinguishable, same 相同的；alike, analogous, kindred, like, parallel, similar 相似的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 特征性的，典型的： serving to identify as belonging to an individual or group
A: ♣例  She seems to alternate between two distinctive hairstyles. 她的发型似乎在两种截然不同的样式中交替。
A: ♣近  characteristic, classic, diagnostic, discriminating, distinguishing, identifying, peculiar, symptomatic, typical
A: ♣反  atypical, uncharacteristic, untypical 非典型的
A: ♣派  distinction n. 区别，差别

Q:distort  [dis'tɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 扭曲，歪曲：to twist out of the true meaning or proportion
A: ♣例  A painter may exaggerate or distort shapes and forms. 画家可能夸张或扭曲形状。|| The coach's message was so distorted after passing through so many people that it was unintelligible. 教练的信息在经过许多人传递后已经被歪曲的很难看懂了。
A: ♣近  deform, misshape, torture, falsify, misinterpret, misrepresent, pervert, twist

Q:distract  [dis'trækt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 转移兴趣，使分心：to draw or direct (as one's attention) to a different object
A: ♣例  be distracted by a sudden noise 被突然的噪音分心
A: ♣近  abstract, divert, detract, call off
A: ♣派  distracted adj. 精力分散的
A: ♣反  rapt 全心投入的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使焦虑，使不安：to trouble the mind of; to make uneasy
A: ♣例  The students are easily distracted before the exam. 学生们在考试前很容易焦虑不安。
A: ♣近  agitate, bother, discomfort, discompose, dismay, disquiet, distress, perturb, upset
A: ♣反  calm, compose, quiet, soothe, tranquilize 平息抚慰
A: ♠考法3  adj. 疯狂的：insane, mad
A: ♣近  insane, delirious, hysterical

Q:distraught  [dis'trɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精神狂乱的，极疯狂的： deeply agitated, as from emotional conflict; insane
A: ♣例  Her distraught mother had spent all night waiting by the phone. 她母亲忧心如焚，在电话旁守了一个晚上。
A: ♣近  agitated, delirious, distracted, frenzied, hysterical
A: ♣反  collected, composed, recollected, self-collected, self-composed, self-possessed 镇静的，平静的

Q:diurnal  [dai'ə:nəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 白天发生或行动的： occurring or active during the daytime rather than at night
A: ♣例  diurnal animals 昼行性动物
A: ♣反  nocturnal 夜晚的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 每天的： occurring, done, produced, or appearing every day
A: ♣例  a love as constant and certain as the diurnal tides 像每天潮汐一样始终如一的爱情
A: ♣近  daily, day-to-day,
A: ♠考法3  adj. 期刊： a publication that appears at regular intervals
A: ♣例  A microfilm contains a collection of diurnals. 一个微缩胶片里包含很多期刊的合集。
A: ♣近  bulletin, magazine, periodical, review, serial, journal

Q:diverge  [dai'və:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 改变方向： to change one's course or direction
A: ♣例  The deer abruptly diverged from its intended path the moment it spied the waiting lion. 当那只鹿发现潜伏的狮子的时候就突然改变了自己原来的路线。
A: ♣近  detour, deviate, diverge, sheer, swerve, turn off
A: ♠考法2  vt. 散开： to go or move in different directions from a central point
A: ♣例  At that point the road and the railroad tracks diverge. 公路和铁路在那个点分叉了。
A: ♣近  branch out, divide, spread
A: ♣反  converge, join 会合
A: ♠考法3  v. 分歧： to become or be different in character or form: differ in opinion
A: ♣近  differ, disagree
A: ♣反  conform 遵从
A: ♠考法4  vt. 离题： to depart from a set course or norm; deviate
A: ♣近  excurse, ramble, diverge, get off the subject

Q:diversity  [dai'və:səti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 多样性： variety or multiformity
A: ♣例  the diversity of species 物种的多样性
A: ♣近  diverseness, multifariousness, multiplicity, variousness , miscellaneousness
A: ♠考法2  n. 分歧，不同点：the quality or state of being different
A: ♣例  There is no fundamental diversity between the two ideologies. 这两种思想意识之间并没有根本的分歧。
A: ♣近  contrast, disagreement, discrepancy, disparateness, disparity, dissimilarity, dissimilitude, distinction, otherness, unlikeness
A: ♣反  alikeness, analogy, likeness, resemblance, sameness, similarity 相同，相似

Q:divert  [dai'və:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使转向：to turn from one course or use to another: deflect
A: ♣例  divert traffic to a side street 使交通转至辅路
A: ♣近  deflect, redirect, swing, veer, wheel
A: ♣反  fix, set, settle 固定
A: ♠考法2  v. 使消遣：to cause (someone) to pass the time agreeably occupied
A: ♣例  A light comedy divert the tired business executive 一个轻松的喜剧让疲惫的企业主管人员得到了放松。
A: ♣近  disport, entertain, regale, solace
A: ♠考法3  v. 使分心：to draw the attention or mind to something else
A: ♣例  divert one’s attention 转移某人注意力 || The parents tried to divert the child with a toy while the doctor was giving her a shot. 当医生要给那个孩子打针的时候，孩子父母试图用玩具转移孩子的注意力。
A: ♣近  abstract, detract, call off

Q:divestiture  [dai'vestitʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 剥夺：the act of taking away from a person
A: ♣例  Melodramas were popular because they offered the audience a divestiture of neutrality. 情节剧之所有受到欢迎是因为他们给观众一个缺乏中立的（世界）。
A: ♣近  deprivation, dispossession
A: ♣反  acquisition 获得；endowment 捐赠

Q:divulge  [dai'vʌldʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 泄漏（秘密）：to make known (as a confidence or secret)
A: ♣例  refuse to divulge details of the negotiations 拒绝透露谈判的细节内容 || We tried to make him divulge the name of the winner, but he wouldn't budge. 我们试图让他透露胜利者的名字，但是他没有那样做。
A: ♣近  bare, disclose, discover, expose, uncover, unmask, unveil
A: ♣反  conceal, cover up, hide, mask, shroud, veil 保密，隐藏

Q:doctrinaire  [,dɔktri'nεə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 教条主义的，照本宣科的： given to or marked by the forceful expression of strongly held opinions
A: ♣例  A doctrinaire conservative, the columnist takes special delight in baiting liberals. 这个专栏作家是个谨遵教条的顽固保守主义者，他很享受挑衅那些自由主义者。
A: ♣近  dogmatic
A: ♣近  latitudinarian （宗教方面）能容纳不同意见的

Q:dodder  ['dɔdə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 蹒跚，颤巍巍地行进：to progress feebly and unsteadily
A: ♣例  He could only dodder along after the operation. 他手术后只能步履蹒跚的走。
A: ♣近  careen, lurch, teeter, totter, waddle

Q:dodge  [dɔdʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 躲避： to avoid (a blow, for example) by moving or shifting quickly aside
A: ♣例  dodge a storm of bullets 躲避枪林弹雨 || He dodged the first punch but was hit by the second. 他躲过了第一次打击但是没有躲过第二次。
A: ♣近  avoid, escape, shirk, malinger, goldbrick, evade, parry, sidestep, circumvent, fence, hedge, avert, elude, shun, skirt, bilk, eschew, weasel

Q:doff  [dɔf]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 脱下： to take off; remove
A: ♣例  The blazing sun soon had the men doffing their jackets. 炙热的太阳很快就让男人们脱掉了夹克。
A: ♣近  put off, take off
A: ♣反  don, put on 穿上

Q:dogged  ['dɔgid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 坚持的，坚决的： continuing despite difficulties, opposition, or discouragement；showing no signs of slackening or yielding in one's purpose
A: ♣例  gain respect through sheer dogged determination 凭借单纯的坚决赢得了尊重 || A madman who spent his life in dogged pursuit of power 一个一生都坚持追求权力的疯子
A: ♣近  insistent, persevering, pertinacious, tenacious, determined
A: ♣反  easily discouraged 容易气馁的；yielded 屈服的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 固执的，任性的： sticking to an opinion, purpose, or course of action in spite of reason, arguments, or persuasion
A: ♣例  Your dogged adherence to a really lame argument is embarrassing. 你固执的坚持一个站不住脚的观点令人很尴尬。
A: ♣近  adamant, hardheaded, headstrong, inflexible, intransigent, mulish, obdurate opinionated, ossified, pertinacious, self-opinionated, self-willed stubborn, unbending, uncompromising, unrelenting, unyielding, willful
A: ♣反  acquiescent, amenable, compliant, complying, flexible, pliable, pliant, relenting, yielding 顺从的

Q:dogma  ['dɔɡmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 教条，信条： a doctrine or body of doctrines concerning faith or morals formally stated and authoritatively proclaimed by a church
A: ♣例  People are beginning to question the old dogmas. 人们开始质疑旧的信条。|| The newspaper seeks to be independent of political dogma. 这份报纸力求不受政治信条影响。
A: ♣近  credo, doctrine, gospel
A: ♣反  heresy, heterodoxy 异端学说
A: ♣派  dogmatic 独断的，武断的： characterized by an authoritative, arrogant assertion of unproved principles
A: ♣例  a dogmatic critic 独断的评论家
A: ♣近  dictatorial, dictative, authoritarian, authoritative, magisterial

Q:doldrums  ['dɔldrəmz]
A: ♠考法1  n. 低迷，中断： a state or period of inactivity, stagnation, or slump
A: ♣例  August is a time of doldrums for many enterprises. 对于许多企业来说八月是一个低迷期‖The economy is in the doldrums. 经济低迷
A: ♣近  abeyance, dormancy, latency, quiescence, moratorium
A: ♣反  continuation 持续
A: ♠考法2  n. 情绪不佳：a state or spell of low spirits
A: ♣例  The team had been in the doldrums ever since losing the championship. 整个队伍自从输了锦标赛以来一直情绪不佳
A: ♣近  dejection, depression, desolation, despondence, dolefulness, gloom, melancholy, unhappiness
A: ♣反  bliss, ecstasy, elation, exhilaration, exuberance, exultation, jubilation, rapture, felicity

Q:dolorous  ['dɔlərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 忧伤的： causing, marked by, or expressing misery or grief
A: ♣例  He lifted a pair of sapphire, dolorous eyes. 他抬起了一双忧郁的蓝宝石般的眼睛
A: ♣近  agonized, bemoaning, bewailing, deplorable, grievous ,miserable, plaintive, rueful, sorrowful, woeful
A: ♣反  happy, joyful, jovial, jubilant 高兴的

Q:dolt  [dəult]
A: ♠考法1  n. 笨蛋： a stupid person
A: ♣例  What a dolt I have been! 我是多么的愚蠢啊！
A: ♣近  idiot, fool, moron, simpleton, dullard
A: ♣反  illuminati, intellectual 智者；genius 天才
A: ♣派  doltish adj. 愚笨的

Q:domicile  ['dɔmisail]
A: ♠考法1  n. 住所，住宅： a residence; a home
A: ♣例  an alternate domicile in emergency 紧急情况下的住所
A: ♣近  home, dwelling, habitation, abode, house, lodging
A: ♠考法2  v. 提供住处： to establish in or provide with a domicile
A: ♣例  The university domiciles students in a variety of buildings in and around its urban campus. 大学在城区校园周围为学生提供了多样化的宿舍
A: ♣近  accommodate, bestow lodge, harbor, put up
A: ♣反  banish, expel 驱逐

Q:dominant  ['dɔminənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 起支配地位的： commanding, controlling, or prevailing over all others
A: ♣例  the dominant culture 主流文化
A: ♣近  ascendant, leading, outweighing, paramount, prevalent, principal, supreme
A: ♣反  subordinate （等级上）低的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （基因）显性的： of, relating to, or exerting ecological or genetic dominance
A: ♣反  recessive 隐形的
A: ♣派  dominate v. 占主导地位，统治；dominance n. 主导，主流；（基因的）显性

Q:domineer  [,dɔmi'niə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 专制统治： to exercise arbitrary or overbearing control
A: ♣例  Her husband and mother-in-law tyrannize her. 她生活在她丈夫和婆婆的高压统治下。
A: ♣近  tyrannize
A: ♣派  domineering adj. 专横的，盛气凌人的

Q:don  [dɔn]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 穿上：to put on (an article of clothing)
A: ♣例  donned a raincoat for his trip 为出行穿上雨衣
A: ♣近  assume, wear, put on
A: ♣反  doff 脱下

Q:donor  ['dəunə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 捐赠人，给体： one that gives, donates, or presents something
A: ♣例  donors of funds to research foundations 研究基金的捐赠人
A: ♣近  donator, presenter, contributor, subscriber, patron, sugar daddy
A: ♣反  acceptor 受体

Q:doodle  ['du:dl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （无目的地）乱画： to scribble aimlessly, especially when preoccupied
A: ♣例  I often doodle when I'm on the phone. 打电话时我经常乱写乱画
A: ♣近  mess around
A: ♠考法2  vi. 漫无目的地打发时光： to spend time in aimless activity
A: ♣例  I plan to spend the entire vacation just doodling. 我打算整个假期就随便做点事打发时间
A: ♣近  dawdle, trifle

Q:dormant  ['dɔ:mənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 静止的，不活跃的： in a state of rest or inactivity; inoperative; in abeyance
A: ♣例  volcanoes which have been dormant for thousand years 休眠了上千年的火山
A: ♣近  dead, latent, lurking, abeyant, quiescent, inert
A: ♣反  active, busy, operating 活跃的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （动物）冬眠的： having biological activity suspended
A: ♣例  The bears lay dormant in their den during the winter. 在冬季，熊在他们的穴里冬眠
A: ♣近  asleep, resting, napping, slumbering
A: ♣反  awake 清醒的
A: ♣派  dormancy n. 不活跃；冬眠

Q:dour  [duə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 闷闷不乐的,死气沉沉的： sullen, gloomy
A: ♣例  The captain’s dour look depressed us all. 船长闷闷不乐的脸色使我们倍感低落
A: ♣近  morose, sulky, surly, moody
A: ♣反  gay 欢快的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 严厉的： harsh and threatening in manner or appearance
A: ♣例  His dour criticism made us regret having undertaken the job. 他严厉的批评让我们后悔接下这活儿了
A: ♣近  strict, sharp, austere, exacting, fierce, gruff, intimidating, rough, stark, stern
A: ♣反  benign, gentle, mild, tender 温和的

Q:douse  [daus]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 熄灭： to put out (a light or fire)
A: ♣例  douse a fire with water 用水熄灭火焰
A: ♣近  quench, extinguish, put out
A: ♣反  kindle, ignite, inflame 点燃
A: ♠考法2  n. 弄湿：to make wet
A: ♣例  The heavy rains thoroughly doused the tourists. 大雨把游客淋得透湿
A: ♣近  bathe, drench, soak, sodden, sop
A: ♣反  dehydrate, desiccate脱水；parch, scorch, sear 烧焦，烤焦

Q:downplay  ['daunplei]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 轻描淡写，不予重视： to minimize the significance of, play down
A: ♣例  downplay the bad news 对坏消息轻描淡写
A: ♣近  de-emphasize, disregard, ignore, overlook, neglect, understate, play down
A: ♣反  address, emphasize, underscore 强调

Q:downpour  ['daunpɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 倾盆大雨： a heavy fall of rain
A: ♣例  power failure due to the downpour 暴雨导致的电力中断
A: ♣近  deluge, downfall, cloudburst, rainstorm
A: ♣反  drizzle, sprinkle 细雨

Q:doyen  [dwɑ:'jæŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 有经验的人，资深人士： a person considered to be knowledgeable or uniquely skilled as a result of long experience in some field of endeavor
A: ♣例  a doyen in the industry 业界的元老
A: ♣近  authority, expert, master, maven, veteran, virtuoso
A: ♣反  amateur, layman 业余爱好者，门外汉；tyro, novice, neophyte, rookie, fledgling 新手
A: ♠考法2  n. （加入时间较长的）高级会员： the senior member of a group
A: ♣例  He's the doyen of the admission committee, and his opinion has considerable weight. 他是招生委员会里的老人了，所以他的话往往格外有分量
A: ♣近  elder, senior
A: ♣反  junior 新人

Q:doze  [dəuz]
A: ♠考法1  vi./n.小憩： to sleep lightly or briefly
A: ♣例  He dozed off during the lecture. 他在讲座上睡着了
A: ♣近  drowse, nap, wink, slumber
A: ♣反  wake 醒来

Q:drab  [dræb]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 单调的，无聊的： characterized by dullness and monotony
A: ♣例  The new city hall turned out to be another drab pile of masonry for the town. 新的市政大厅结果又是城镇里一座单调无趣的砖瓦堆积物。
A: ♣近  arid, dreary, drudging, humdrum, jading, jejune, monochromatic, monotonous, pedestrian, ponderous, stale, stodgy, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 令人感兴趣的

Q:draconian  [drə'kəunjən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极其残酷的；十分严厉的： exceedingly harsh; very severe
A: ♣例  abolish a draconian legal code 废除一部严酷的法典
A: ♣近  rigid, ironhanded, strict, stringent
A: ♣反  mild, genial, lenient 温和的

Q:dramatic  [drə'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj.显著的，惹人注意的： striking in appearance or effect
A: ♣例  a dramatic drop in the temperature overnight 夜晚气温的显著下降
A: ♣近  arresting, bold, brilliant, catchy, conspicuous, flamboyant, prominent, remarkable, splashy, striking
A: ♣反  discreet, inconspicuous, invisible, subtle, unnoticeable, unobtrusive 不易引起注意的
A: ♣派  dramatically adv. 显著地

Q:drawl  [drɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  v. 慢吞吞地说： to speak slowly with vowels greatly prolonged
A: ♣例  The old woman was drawling on and on. 老太太慢吞吞地说个没完
A: ♣近  extend, lengthen, prolong, protract, draw out
A: ♣反  drivel, gibber 快速（而模糊）地说

Q:dread  [dred]
A: ♠考法1  n. 恐惧： great fear especially in the face of impending evil
A: ♣例  We were filled with dread when we saw the rapids we would be rafting down. 当我们看到竹筏驶向的激流时，我们的内心被恐惧所占据。
A: ♣近  alarm, apprehension, consternation, fear, fright, horror, terror, trepidation
A: ♣反  bravery, courage, dauntlessness, fearlessness, fortitude, intrepidity, stoutness, valor 勇气，无畏
A: ♣派  dreadful adj. 令人恐惧的

Q:dreary  ['driəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 单调乏味的：having nothing likely to provide cheer, comfort, or interest
A: ♣例  The day is cold, rainy, and dreary. 天气寒冷，阴暗而沉闷
A: ♣近  desolate, gloomy, sullen, dull, monotone, pedestrian, somber
A: ♣反  jocund 令人欢乐的
A: ♠考法2  adj.令人不悦的： causing unhappiness
A: ♣例  decided to see a professional counselor in order to save their dreary marriage 决定咨询专业人士以拯救他们悲剧式的婚姻
A: ♣近  depressing, dismal, heartbreaking, mournful, pathetic, melancholy
A: ♣反  cheering 令人激动高兴的
A: ♣派  drearily adv. 令人厌烦地

Q:drench  [drentʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 湿透，浸透： to wet thoroughly
A: ♣例  The thunderstorm drenched us to the skin. 雷雨把我们浇了个透
A: ♣近  deluge, douse, soak, saturate, sodden, sop, wet
A: ♣反  dehydrate, desiccate, dry, parch, scorch, sear 干燥

Q:drivel  [drivəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 胡言乱语： unintelligible or meaningless talk
A: ♣例  My roommate talks in her sleep, but it's just drivel. 我的室友会说梦话，但都是些没有意义的呓语
A: ♣近  abracadabra, nonsense, prattle, gabble, prattle
A: ♠考法2  v. 胡言乱语，说傻话： to talk stupidly and carelessly
A: ♣例  He always drivel on about his “distinguished” family. 他总是痴痴地说着他所谓的“名门”出身
A: ♣近  babble, gabble, gibber, jabber

Q:drizzle  ['drizl]
A: ♠考法1  vi./n. （下）细小、轻柔、似雾的雨，毛毛雨： a fine misty rain
A: ♣例  The intermittent drizzle was just heavy enough to spoil all of our outdoor activities. 断断续续的小雨恰好大岛让我们所有的户外活动都泡汤
A: ♣近  mist, sprinkle
A: ♣反  deluge, downpour 倾盆大雨
A: ♣派  drizzling adj. （雨）细小的

Q:droll  [drəul]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 古怪有趣的，离奇可笑的： amusingly odd or whimsically comical
A: ♣例  a droll man with a strong dialect 带着浓郁口音的有意思的人
A: ♣近  antic, comic, farcical, funny, hilarious, laughable, humorous, ridiculous, ludicrous, uproarious, whimsical
A: ♣反  lame, unamusing, uncomic, unfunny, unhumorous, unhysterical 不幽默的
A: ♣派  drollness n. 古怪

Q:drone  ['drəun]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 单调地说： to talk in a persistently dull or monotonous tone
A: ♣例  droning bees 嗡嗡作响的蜜蜂
A: ♣近  hum, buzz, bumble
A: ♠考法2  n.（昆虫振翅般）单调的声音： a monotonous sound like that of an insect in motion
A: ♣例  heard the drone of an helicopter overhead 听到了头顶直升机单调的声音
A: ♣近  burr, whir
A: ♠考法2  v. 混日子： to spend time doing nothing
A: ♣例  Instead of getting a job, he preferred to drone and live off his parents. 相对于找个工作来说，他更喜欢什么也不做，依靠他的父母过日子
A: ♣近  dally, dawdle, hang, laze, loll, lounge

Q:drudgery  ['drʌdʒəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 苦工；单调、卑贱或无趣的工作： tedious, menial, or unpleasant work
A: ♣例  get away from the drudgery of their everyday lives 摆脱每日的单调无聊
A: ♣近  labor, slavery, toil, travail, grind
A: ♣反  sinecure 闲职，美差；fun, play 玩耍，娱乐

Q:dubious  ['dju:bjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 充满不定性的，值得怀疑的： giving rise to uncertainty; questionable or suspect as to true nature or quality
A: ♣例  a dubious assertion 一个值得怀疑的论调
A: ♣近  debatable, doubtful, disputable, equivocal, problematic, questionable, shaky
A: ♣反  certain, incontestable, undeniable 确定的，毋庸置疑的；reliable 可靠的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （对事实等）持怀疑态度的： not feeling sure about the truth, wisdom, or trustworthiness of someone or something
A: ♣例  dubious about a diet that claims I can eat all I want and still lose weight 对于一份声称可以一边随心所欲地吃和一边减肥的节食方案表示怀疑
A: ♣近  distrustful, skeptical, suspicious, unsure
A: ♣反  convinced, positive, sure 表示肯定态度的，确信的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 迟疑不决的，不愿行动的： slow to begin or proceed with a course of action because of doubts or uncertainty
A: ♣例  I'm dubious about our plan to go hang gliding without having had any training. 我对于不做任何训练就去玩滑翔感到很迟疑
A: ♣近  undecided, disinclined, loath, reluctant, reticent
A: ♣反  disposed, inclined 倾向于……的
A: ♣派  dubiety n. 可疑，怀疑

Q:ductile  ['dʌktail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可塑的，有延展性的： easily molded or shaped, malleable
A: ♣例  Gold is a kind of ductile metal. 金是一种有延展性的金属
A: ♣近  malleable, moldable
A: ♣反  inflexible 僵硬的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 易受影响的： easily led or influenced
A: ♣例  a ductile personality 易受他人影响的性格
A: ♣近  pliant, yielding, supple
A: ♣反  adamant, intractable, refractory, obdurate 倔强的，不易改变立场的

Q:dulcet  ['dʌlsit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 悦耳的，令人愉悦的： pleasing to the ear; melodious; generally pleasing or agreeable
A: ♣例  dulcet tones from harps and flutes 竖琴和长笛发出的悦耳音调
A: ♣近  sweet, agreeable, delightful, euphonic, mellifluous, tuneful, winsome
A: ♣反  cacophonous, grating 刺耳的

Q:dullard  ['dʌləd]
A: ♠考法1  n. 笨蛋：a stupid or unimaginative person
A: ♣近  moron, simpleton, idiot, fool
A: ♣反  wit 机智的人；genius 天才
A: ♣派  dull adj. 愚笨的

Q:dupe  [dju:p]
A: ♠考法1  n. 复制品，复刻： something that is made to look exactly like something else
A: ♣例  He built a dupe of the original model, which is locked in a vault. 他做了个保险柜里模型的复刻品
A: ♣近  clone, duplicate, facsimile, imitation, mock, replica
A: ♣反  archetype, original, prototype 原型
A: ♠考法2  n. 易受骗的人： one that is easily deceived or cheated
A: ♣例  The swindler was able to escape with all of the dupe's money. 骗子成功带着受骗人的财产逃跑了
A: ♣近  fool, victim, gull
A: ♣反  connoisseur 行家，鉴赏家
A: ♠考法3  vt. 欺骗： to deceive (an unwary person)
A: ♣例  The public is easily duped by extravagant claims in advertising. 大众极易被广告中夸大的介绍误导
A: ♣近  bamboozle, beguile, cheat, cozen, delude, gull, hoax, hoodwink
A: ♣派  dupable adj. 易受骗的

Q:duplicate  ['dju:plikət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 复制品： either of two things exactly alike and usually produced at the same time or by the same process
A: ♣例  a duplicate of a house key 房间钥匙的复制品‖Your computer is almost a duplicate of mine. 你的电脑和我的几乎一模一样。
A: ♣近  copy, dupe, duplication, facsimile, imitation, mock, reduplication, replica, replication, reproduction
A: ♣反  archetype, original, prototype 原型
A: ♠考法2  vt. 复制： to make a copy of
A: ♣例  A cell duplicates itself when it divides. 当一个细胞分裂时，它会完全按着自己的样子复制。‖Art students are trying to duplicate paintings in the museum’s collection as part of their training. 艺术生们努力地复刻博物馆中的作品，由此作为他们的训练。
A: ♣近  clone, copycat, imitate, reduplicate, render, replicate, reproduce
A: ♣反  originate 原创
A: ♠考法3  vt. 重复，反复： to do over or again often needlessly
A: ♣例  We were unable to duplicate the experiment with the same result in our own lab, so we’re suspicious. 我们不能在自己的实验室中重复之前的实验并得到相同的结果，因此我们很怀疑。
A: ♣近  redo, reiterate, renew, repeat
A: ♣派  duplicable adj. 可模仿的

Q:duplicity  [dju:'plisəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 欺骗，口是心非： deliberate deceptiveness in behavior or speech
A: ♣例  accidentally reveal their duplicity 不经意间暴露了他们的口是心非
A: ♣近  artifice, deceit, craft, cunning, fraudulence, guile
A: ♣反  honesty, artlessness, forthrightness, guilelessness, ingenuousness, sincerity 诚实，坦诚

Q:dwindle  ['dwindl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 逐渐减少： to become gradually less until little remains
A: ♣例  His vast fortune is dwindling away. 他的巨额财富正慢慢缩水
A: ♣近  abate, decrease, drop, diminish, reduce, shrink, taper, wane, knock down
A: ♣反  aggrandize, balloon, burgeon, increase 增加；accumulate 累积
A: ♣派  dwindling adj. 减少的

Q:dynamic  [dai'næmik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有力量的，有活力的： marked by usually continuous and productive activity or change; energetic
A: ♣例  He has become a dynamic new challenger for the title of champion. 他成为了有望夺的有活力的新选手。‖a dynamic speech expressing her goals and values 宣扬她的目标和理念的慷慨激昂的演讲
A: ♣近  brisk, energetic, flush, forceful, gingery, kinetic, lusty, peppy, robust, sprightly, vital, vivacious
A: ♣反  dull, lethargic, listless, sluggish, torpid 无精打采的

Q:dyspeptic  [dis'peptik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 脾气坏的：bad-tempered
A: ♣例  The sultry day makes us dyspeptic. 闷热潮湿的天气让我们变得脾气暴躁
A: ♣近  cantankerous, disagreeable, irritable, fretful, irascible, peevish, splenetic, surly
A: ♣反  amiable, easygoing, genial, good-humored, good-natured, good-tempered 随和的，和蔼的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 消化不良的：pertaining to, subject to, or suffering from dyspepsia
A: ♣派  dyspepsia n. 消化不良

Q:earnest  ['ə:nist]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 严肃认真的： characterized by or proceeding from an intense and serious state of mind, grave
A: ♣例  an earnest machine operator 一丝不苟的机器操作员
A: ♣近  grave, serious, solemn, staid, sober
A: ♣反  facetious, frivolous, flip, flippant, playful 轻浮的

Q:earshot  ['iəʃɔt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 听力所及的范围： the range within which one may hear a person's unaided voice
A: ♣例  wait until he was out of earshot 等到他听不见的时候
A: ♣近  hail, hearing, sound

Q:earsplitting  ['iə,splitiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 震耳欲聋的：distressingly loud or shrill
A: ♣例  earsplitting noise of airplane engines 飞机引擎的巨大噪音
A: ♣近  blaring, blasting, deafening, loud, piercing, plangent, resounding, roaring, stentorian, thunderous
A: ♣反  gentle, soft （音乐）轻柔的

Q:eavesdrop  ['i:vzdrɔp]
A: ♠考法1  v. 偷听： to listen secretly to the private conversation of others
A: ♣例  eavesdropping on the conversation 偷听谈话
A: ♣近  overhear, wiretap

Q:ebullient  [i'bʌljənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 热情奔放的： zestfully enthusiastic
A: ♣例  The ebullient dancers left an enduring impression on us. 热情洋溢的舞者给我们留下了难以磨灭的印象
A: ♣近  boiling, exuberant, effervescent, vivacious, brash
A: ♣反  tepid, torpid 无精打采的
A: ♣派  ebullience n. 热情洋溢

Q:eccentric  [ik'sentrik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 行为出格的，不循规蹈矩的： deviating from conventional or accepted usage or conduct
A: ♣例  an eccentric millionaire 行为怪异的百万富翁
A: ♣近  strange, bizarre, erratic, idiosyncratic, odd, offbeat, outlandish, quaint, weird
A: ♣反  ordinary, regular 常规的
A: ♣派  eccentricity n. 离心率；古怪

Q:eclat  [ei'kla:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 辉煌成就： brilliant or conspicuous success
A: ♣例  The premier of Mozart’s Le Nozze di Figaro enjoyed a great éclat in 1786. 莫扎特歌剧《费加罗的婚礼》于1786年的首演获得了极大的成功
A: ♣近  fame, renown, brilliance, triumph
A: ♣反  debacle, fiasco 惨败

Q:eclectic  [e'klektik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 混合的，多元化的： composed of elements drawn from various sources
A: ♣例  The museum’s eclectic collection has everything from a giraffe skeleton to medieval musical instruments. 博物馆里的展品丰富多样，从长颈鹿的骨架到中世纪的乐器都有。
A: ♣近  assorted, diverse, heterogeneous, indiscriminate, magpie, mixed, motley, piebald, ragtag, varied
A: ♣反  homogeneous, uniform 同一性的

Q:eclipse  [i'klips]
A: ♠考法1  n. 下降，衰退： a change to a lower state or level
A: ♣例  the eclipse of the town from a grand seaside resort to a tacky tourist trap 从壮丽辉煌的海边旅游圣地退化成了俗气的坑人景点
A: ♣近  decadence, degeneration, degradation, deterioration, ebb, fall
A: ♣反  ascent, rise, upswing 上升，崛起
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使声望下降，使黯然失色： to obscure or diminish in importance, fame, or reputation
A: ♣例  Her score eclipsed the old record. 她的分数使旧的纪录黯然失色
A: ♣近  adumbrate, obscure, overshadow
A: ♠考法3  vt.（在数量、品质上）超越： to be greater, better, or stronger than
A: ♣例  The brilliant young pianist now eclipsed even his own mentor in musical artistry. 极富天赋的小钢琴家如今甚至已超越了他的音乐导师
A: ♣近  beat, exceed, excel, outshine, outstrip, surpass, transcend
A: ♣反  fall behind 落后

Q:ecstasy  ['ekstəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无法自控的情绪： a state of being beyond reason and self-control
A: ♣例  an ecstasy of rage 无法自控的愤怒
A: ♣近  mania, rhapsody
A: ♣反  self-control 自控，自制；composure, sangfroid 镇定
A: ♠考法2  n. 狂喜： intense joy or delight
A: ♣例  be in ecstasy over the offer from Harvard University 因被哈佛的录取而欣喜如狂
A: ♣近  delight, elation, euphoria, exhilaration, rapture, transport
A: ♣反  depression, melancholy 沮丧

Q:ecumenical  [,i:kju:'menikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 全球基督教会的： of, relating to, or representing the whole of a body of churches
A: ♣近  catholic
A: ♣反  diocesan 主教管辖特定小教区的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 世界范围的，普遍性的： worldwide or general in extent, influence, or application
A: ♣例  an ecumenical scope 国际视野
A: ♣近  universal, cosmopolitan, global, planetary, worldwide
A: ♣反  provincial, insular 狭隘的

Q:edible  ['edibl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可食用的： fit to be eaten
A: ♣例  No chemicals in the laboratory is edible. 实验室中的任何化学试剂都不能食用
A: ♣近  eatable, comestible, consumable, digestible, esculent
A: ♣反  inedible 不可食用的
A: ♣派  edibility n. 可食用

Q:edifice  ['edifis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大厦；大建筑物： a large or massive structure
A: ♣例  The Capitol is one of the most impressive edifices in the United States. 国会山是美国最令人印象深刻的建筑之一
A: ♣近  building, erection, palace
A: ♣反  cottage 小棚舍
A: ♠考法2  n. 基础，基本构架： the arrangement of parts that gives something its basic form
A: ♣例  The edifice of the argument is quite simple, once you get past the fancy language. 只要你看透了表面花哨的语言，你会发现这段论证的基本构架是非常简单的
A: ♣近  architecture, configuration, framework, skeleton, structure

Q:efface  [i'feis]
A: ♠考法1  v t. 擦掉，抹去；使不明显： to eliminate or make indistinct by or as if by wearing away a surface
A: ♣例  efface those unpleasant memories 抹去那些不快的记忆
A: ♣近  eradicate, erase, expunge, exterminate, extirpate, liquidate, eclipse, obliterate, wipe, root out
A: ♣反  blazon, decorate 装饰；emboss 使凸起，使显现
A: ♣派  self-effacing adj. 谦卑、低调的

Q:effervesce  [,efə'ves]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 冒泡： to bubble, hiss, and foam as gas escapes
A: ♣例  effervescing with bubbles 冒气泡
A: ♣近  bubble, foam, froth
A: ♠考法2  vi. 兴奋，热情洋溢： to show high spirits or animation
A: ♣例  effervescing over the news of victory 因胜利的消息而兴奋
A: ♣近  rejoice, exult, jubilate, triumph
A: ♣反  grieve 感到极度悲伤
A: ♣派  effervescent adj. 热情洋溢的；effervescence n. 热情洋溢

Q:effete  [i'fi:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 衰弱的： depleted of vitality, force, or effectiveness
A: ♣例  an effete monarchy 奄奄一息的君主制
A: ♣近  consumed, debilitated, decadent, degenerate, depleted, drained, exhausted, feeble
A: ♣反  hale, sound, robust 强健的，充满活力的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 缺乏信念的，懦弱的： lacking strength of will or character
A: ♣例  The government is too effete to take out the powerful special interests that really ruin this state. 政府过于懦弱，不敢去摧毁那些祸害这个国家的特殊利益集团
A: ♣近  frail, invertebrate, nerveless, spineless
A: ♣反  backboned, firm, hard, strong, tough 刚毅的
A: ♣派  effetely adv. 衰弱地

Q:efficacious  [,efi'keiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有效的： having the power to produce a desired effect
A: ♣例  Taking break with a cup of coffee while studying is one of the most efficacious ways of rejuvenating the mind that I have ever discovered. 在紧张的学习中休息一会，喝杯咖啡，是我发现的最能提神的方法之一。
A: ♣近  effective, effectual, efficient, fruitful, operative, potent, productive
A: ♣反  bootless, fruitless, ineffective, ineffectual, inefficient, inoperative, unproductive, useless 无效的

Q:effluvium  [i'flu:vjəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 难闻的气味： an offensive exhalation or smell
A: ♣例  Repulsive effluvia made us vomit. 这恶臭让我们作呕
A: ♣近  malodor, stink, stench
A: ♣反  fragrance, aroma 芳香
A: ♠考法2  n. 没用的副产品，废品： a by-product especially in the form of waste
A: ♣例  With nothing but effluvia obtained, researchers decided to abandon this method. 由于得不到目标产物，研究者们决定放弃这种手段
A: ♣近  dross, refuse, rubbish, trash, waste
A: ♣派  effluvial adj. 恶臭的

Q:effrontery  [i'frʌntəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 厚颜无耻，放肆大胆： flagrant disregard of courtesy or propriety and an arrogant assumption of privilege
A: ♣例  had the effrontery to insult her father 胆敢辱骂她的父亲
A: ♣近  audacity, brashness, brazenness, insolence, nerve, presumption, temerity
A: ♣反  decorum, propriety, courtesy, grace 得体；timidity 胆小

Q:effulgent  [i'fʌldʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 光辉灿烂的：shining brilliantly; resplendent
A: ♣例  an effulgent sunset on the Atlantic 大西洋上壮丽辉煌的日落
A: ♣近  bright, beaming, glorious, luminous, radiant, splendid
A: ♣反  dim, murky, dull 模糊的，黯淡的
A: ♣派  effulgence n. 光辉

Q:effusive  [i'fju:siv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 感情泛滥溢于言表的；感情表达不节制和过度的；过分多情的： unrestrained or excessive in emotional expression
A: ♣例  The principal delivered an effusive address at the commencement ceremony. 校长在毕业典礼上做了充满感情的演讲
A: ♣近  emotional, expansive, demonstrative, gushy, passionate
A: ♣反  inhibited, reserved, restrained 节制的；undemonstrative, unemotional 不易动情的；numb, torpid 麻木不仁的
A: ♣派  effusion n. 流出，溢出

Q:egalitarian  [i,ɡæli'tεəriən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平等主义的： affirming, promoting, or characterized by belief in equal political, economic, social, and civil rights for all people
A: ♣例  the egalitarian principle guiding his endeavor 引导他奋斗的平等主义原则
A: ♣近  disinterested, impartial, unprejudiced, unbiased, objective
A: ♣反  inequitable, discriminating, unfair 有偏见的，不公平的
A: ♣派  egalitarianism n. 平等主义

Q:egoistic  [,i:ɡəu'istik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 利己的，以自我为中心的： being centered in or preoccupied with oneself and the gratification of one's own desires
A: ♣例  egoistic behaviors others detest 令他人厌恶的利己行为
A: ♣近  egocentric, self-centered, individualistic, navel-gazing
A: ♣反  altruistic, selfless 利他的，无私的
A: ♣派  ego n. 自大，自我；egoism n. 利己主义；egoist n. 以自我为中心的人

Q:elaborate  [i'læbərət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 详细的，复杂的： marked by complexity, fullness of detail, or ornament
A: ♣例  an elaborate manual 内容详尽的使用手册
A: ♣近  circumstantial, complex, complicated, intricate, knotty, minute, particular, particularized, sophisticated
A: ♣反  sketchy, brief, compendious, summary 概要性的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 详细阐述： to expand something in detail
A: ♣例  The defense committee asked the PhD candidate to elaborate one critical assumption in his thesis. 答辩委员会要求答辩的博士进一步说明他毕业论文中的一个关键假设
A: ♣近  develop, expand, amplify, explain
A: ♣反  abstract, abbreviate, condense, simplify 简化；downplay, ignore, neglect, overlook 忽视，忽略

Q:elastic  [i'læstik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有弹性的： easily resuming original shape after being stretched or expanded
A: ♣例  elastic rubber band 弹性橡胶圈
A: ♣近  bouncy, flexible, malleable, resilient, stretchable, supple
A: ♣反  rigid, stiff 僵化的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 能（迅速从伤痛中）恢复的： capable of recovering quickly especially from depression or disappointment
A: ♣例  owe her success to an elastic optimistic nature 将她的成功归因于能迅速走出悲伤的乐观品质
A: ♣近  adaptable, adjustable, buoyant, pliable, volatile
A: ♣反  established, fixed, immutable 不变的
A: ♣派  inelastic adj. 无弹性的，非弹性的

Q:elate  [i'leit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使开心，使自豪： to fill with joy or pride
A: ♣例  The phenomenal sales record elated him. 卓越的业绩让他高兴不已
A: ♣近  cheer, excite, exhilarate, inspire, stimulate
A: ♣反  depress, dishearten, sadden 使沮丧
A: ♣派  elated adj. 高兴的；elation n. 高兴

Q:eleemosynary  [,elii:'mɔsinəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 慈善的： of, relating to, or supported by charity
A: ♣例  an eleemosynary foundation funded by the Bill Gates 由比尔?盖茨夫妇资助的慈善基金
A: ♣近  benevolent, charitable, humane, humanitarian, philanthropic
A: ♣反  parsimonious 吝啬的

Q:elegy  ['elidʒi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 哀歌（诗），挽歌（诗）： a song or poem expressing sorrow or lamentation
A: ♣例  an moving elegy played at the funeral 葬礼上演奏的催人泪下的挽歌
A: ♣近  dirge, lamentation, requiem
A: ♣反  ode 颂歌，颂词

Q:elephantine  [,eli'fæntain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 巨大的： having enormous size or strength
A: ♣例  an elephantine meteor crate 巨大的陨石坑
A: ♣近  huge, colossal, enormous, gargantuan, gigantic, massive, prodigious, tremendous
A: ♣反  microscopic, minute, tiny , infinitesimal 细微的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 笨拙的： clumsy, ponderous
A: ♣例  elephantine movements 笨拙的行动
A: ♣近  awkward, graceless, maladroit
A: ♣反  graceful 优雅的

Q:elevate  ['eliveit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 道德、智力、文化水平的提升： to improve morally, intellectually, or culturally
A: ♣例  a novel that both entertains and elevates readers 一本寓教于乐的小说
A: ♣近  advance, boost, enhance, ennoble, raise, upgrade
A: ♣反  abase, debase, demote, degrade 贬低
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使兴奋： to raise the spirits of
A: ♣例  one of the most elevating moments in their lives 生命中最让人兴奋的时刻之一
A: ♣近  elate, enrapture, exhilarate, intoxicate, transport
A: ♣反  depress 使沮丧
A: ♣派  elevation n. 提升；喜悦

Q:elicit  [i'lisit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激起，唤起： to draw forth or bring out
A: ♣例  The king’s speech elicited lasting cheer and applause. 国王的演讲激起了持续的欢呼和掌声
A: ♣近  arouse, evoke, excite, inspire, provoke, raise
A: ♣反  appease, placate, mollify, pacify 平息

Q:elliptical  [i'liptik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 含糊不清的： of or relating to deliberate obscurity (as of literary or conversational style)
A: ♣例  give an elliptical response to the inquiry 就问题给出一个含糊其辞的回答
A: ♣近  ambiguous, arcane, cryptic, enigmatic, equivocal, inscrutable, murky, nebulous, occult, opaque, vague
A: ♣反  clear, explicit, unambiguous, unequivocal 清晰明确的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 椭圆的：of, relating to, or shaped like an ellipse
A: ♣近  oval, ovate
A: ♣反  circular, round 圆形的
A: ♣派  ellipse n. 椭圆

Q:elucidate  [i'lu:si,deit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 阐明： to make lucid especially by explanation or analysis
A: ♣例  elucidate an abstruse equation in quantum mechanics 阐明一个深奥难懂的量子力学方程
A: ♣近  clarify, clear, construe, explain, explicate, expound, illustrate
A: ♣反  confuse, obfuscate, obscure使困惑；garble 曲解
A: ♣派  elucidation n. 阐释，阐明

Q:elude  [i'lju:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 躲闪，躲避： to avoid adroitly
A: ♣例  managed to elude capture 成功躲过了追捕‖The millionaire had been eluding his fair share of taxes for years before getting caught. 在被逮捕之前，这名富翁逃税已经有若干年了。
A: ♣近  avoid, dodge, duck, eschew, evade, finesse, scape, shirk, shun, sidestep, weasel
A: ♣反  confront 直面，面对
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使无法理解，使困惑： to escape the perception, understanding, or grasp of
A: ♣例  a metaphor that eluded them 一个让他们无法理解的比喻
A: ♣近  baffle, befog, befuddle, bewilder, confound, discombobulate, disorient, maze, mystify, perplex, puzzle, vex
A: ♣反  clarify, elucidate, explicate, expound, illuminate, illustrate 解释，阐明
A: ♣派  elusive adj. 隐秘的；难懂的

Q:emaciate  [i'meisieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使变瘦： to cause to lose flesh so as to become very thin
A: ♣例  become emaciated by long illness 因长年累月的病痛而消瘦
A: ♣反  fatten 变胖
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使虚弱： to make feeble
A: ♣例  His hesitation emaciated the force of his argument. 他的迟疑削弱了他论证的力度
A: ♣近  droop, flag, sag, decay, enfeeble, enervate, languish, wane, wither
A: ♣反  invigorate 使充满活力
A: ♣派  emaciation n. 虚弱

Q:emancipate  [i'mænsipeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 解放，解除束缚： to free from bondage, oppression, or restraint
A: ♣例  emancipate students from excessive assignments 将学生从题海中解放出来
A: ♣近  discharge, enfranchise, free, liberate, loose, manumit, release
A: ♣反  bind, shackle 束缚；enslave, enthrall 奴役
A: ♣派  emancipation n. 解放，获得自由

Q:embargo  [em'bɑ:ɡəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 贸易禁止令： a legal prohibition on commerce
A: ♣例  a trade embargo on luxuries 对奢侈品的禁运令
A: ♣近  ban, interdiction, proscription, sanction, veto
A: ♣反  approval, license, permission, prescription 许可

Q:embark  [em'bɑ:k]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 上船： to go aboard a vessel or aircraft, as at the start of a journey
A: ♣例  With all cargos embarked, the ship weighed the anchor. 所有货物都上船了，货船拔锚起航
A: ♣近  board
A: ♣反  disembark 下车，下船
A: ♠考法2  vi. 开始从事： to make a start
A: ♣例  embark on a world tour 开始了环游世界的旅程
A: ♣近  begin, commence, launch, initiate, start,
A: ♣反  conclude, end, finish, terminate 结束

Q:embarrass  [im'bærəs]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使尴尬： to cause to experience a state of self-conscious distress
A: ♣例  bawdy jokes that embarrassed her 让她尴尬的荤段子
A: ♣近  abash, discomfit, disconcert, faze, fluster, mortify, nonplus
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阻挠，制造障碍： to create difficulty for the work or activity of
A: ♣例  A lot of this paperwork is unnecessary and just embarrasses the organization. 这些文案工作很多都是多余的，只会妨碍组织的工作
A: ♣近  encumber, handicap, hinder, impede, inhibit, obstruct, shackle, stymie, trammel
A: ♣反  aid, facilitate 促进
A: ♣派  embarrassing adj. 令人窘迫的；embarrassment n. 尴尬

Q:embed  [im'bed]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 嵌入： to enclose closely in or as if in a matrix
A: ♣例  The thorn was embedded in her thumb. 刺扎入了她的拇指
A: ♣近  entrench, fix, ingrain, root
A: ♣反  extract 取出；dislodge, uproot 移出
A: ♣派  embedded adj. 嵌入式的

Q:embezzle  [im'bezl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 盗用： to appropriate (as property entrusted to one's care) fraudulently to one's own use
A: ♣例  limitations on the right of the state to embezzle private property 限制政府挪用私人财产的权利
A: ♣近  appropriate, peculate
A: ♣反  confiscate 没收充公
A: ♣派  embezzlement n. 挪用，盗用

Q:embolden  [im'bəuldən]
A: ♠考法1  v. 鼓励，使大胆： to instill with boldness or courage
A: ♣例  be emboldened by the wine 借酒壮胆
A: ♣近  encourage, animate, cheer, hearten, strengthen
A: ♣反  daunt, discourage, dishearten, dispirit 使沮丧，使丧失信心

Q:emboss  [im'bɔs]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 以浮雕效果妆点，装饰： to raise the surface of into bosses; especially to ornament with raised work
A: ♣例  embossed with a design of Shanghai skyline 刻有上海城市轮廓的浮雕图案
A: ♣近  adorn, beautify, bedeck, blazon, ornament, garnish
A: ♣反  flatten, efface 抹平，抹去

Q:embrace  [im'breis]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 乐于接受： to take up willingly or eagerly
A: ♣例  embrace the opportunity to study further 乐于接受继续深造的机会
A: ♣近  accept, adopt, espouse, welcome
A: ♣反  abjure 誓绝；abrogate, renounce, spurn 废除，摒弃
A: ♠考法2  vt. 包围：to surround or cover closely
A: ♣例  The stone walls that embrace the monastery serve to symbolize its function as a retreat from an unquiet world. 包围着修道院的石墙是它远离喧嚣尘世的象征
A: ♣近  circle, encompass, envelop, wrap

Q:embroider  [im'brɔidə]
A: ♠考法1  v. （时常伴有夸张和想象内容）详细说明： to give an elaborate account of, often with florid language and fictitious details
A: ♣例  embroider the story of his adventures in the army 细说他服役时惊险的经历
A: ♣近  elaborate, embellish, exaggerate, magnify, overstate, hyperbolize
A: ♣反  downplay, de-emphasize 轻描淡写

Q:emigrate  ['emiɡreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 移民，移居海外： to leave one's place of residence or country to live elsewhere
A: ♣例  have to emigrate to the United States due to political persecution 不得不因政治迫害而移民美国
A: ♣近  migrate
A: ♣反  immigrate 移入，入境；repatriate 遣返
A: ♣派  emigrant n. （向外的）移民；emigration n. （向外）迁徙

Q:eminent  ['eminənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 杰出的： exhibiting eminence especially in standing above others in some quality or position
A: ♣例  an eminent young scientist 一名杰出的青年科学家
A: ♣近  famous, celebrated, distinguished, famed, notable, prominent, renowned
A: ♣反  mediocre, undistinguished 中庸的，平凡的
A: ♣派  eminence n. 杰出，显赫

Q:emollient  [i'mɔliənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 起缓和作用的： making less intense or harsh
A: ♣例  soothe us in our grieves with emollient words 用安慰的话语抚平我们的悲伤
A: ♣近  appeasing, assuaging, mollifying, mitigating, relieving
A: ♣反  aggravating, intensifying 使（局势、情况）加剧恶化的

Q:emulate  ['emjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 仿效并努力超越： to strive to equal or excel, especially through imitation
A: ♣例  a role model worthy emulating值得效仿的榜样
A: ♣近  copy, imitate, mimic, mime
A: ♣派  emulation n. 模仿

Q:enact  [i'nækt]
A: ♠考法1  vt.制定颁布法律： to establish by legal and authoritative act
A: ♣例  Congress enacted the tax reform bill. 国会颁布了税法改革案
A: ♣近  constitute, establish, legislate, pass, ratify, ordain, lay down
A: ♣反  abolish, repeal, rescind, revoke 废除
A: ♣派  enactment n. 颁布

Q:enamel  [i'næməl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 涂亮漆；使具有光滑或亮泽的表面： to give a glossy or brilliant surface to
A: ♣近  glaze, varnish
A: ♣反  efface 抹去
A: ♠考法2  v. 用亮丽的表面装饰： to adorn with a brightly colored surface
A: ♣近  adorn, beautify, bedeck, decorate, , embellish, garnish, ornament
A: ♣反  disfigure 毁容

Q:enamored  [en'æməd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 迷恋的，热爱的： filled with an intense or excessive love for
A: ♣例  Many teenage girls became enamored of the movie idol for her boyish good looks. 很多年轻的女孩子因为影星男性化的帅气面庞而对她深深迷恋。
A: ♣近  besotted, bewitched, captivated, crazy, dotty, enraptured, fascinated, infatuated, mad, nuts, obsessed
A: ♣反  apathetic, detached, indifferent, insouciant, nonchalant 无所谓的，冷漠的

Q:encomium  [en'kəumiəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 赞颂之词：glowing and warmly enthusiastic praise
A: ♣例  received encomiums from literary critics 受到文学评论家的好评
A: ♣近  accolade, applause, compliment, eulogy, laud, panegyric, salutation, tribute
A: ♣反  criticism 批评；abuse, invective, vituperation 辱骂

Q:encompass  [in'kʌmpəs]
A: ♠考法1  v. 组成，包含：to constitute or include
A: ♣例  a plan that encompasses multiple aims 一项包含了多个目标的计划
A: ♣近  contain, comprehend, embody, entail, involve, subsume
A: ♣反  exclude 排除
A: ♠考法2  v. 包围： envelop
A: ♣例  Berlin had already been encompassed by the Red Army and all Soviet soldiers were patiently waiting for the order to put a final nail in Nazi Germany’s coffin. 柏林已被红军包围，苏联士兵们静静地等待着最后的命令，彻底消灭纳粹德国
A: ♣近  circle, embrace, enclose, environ, surround

Q:encumber  [in'kʌmbə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 阻碍；妨碍： to impede or hamper the function or activity of
A: ♣例  Negotiation between the two parties were encumbered by a lack of trust 两党间的谈判因缺乏信任而受到阻碍
A: ♣近  hamper, hinder, impede, obstruct, retard, stymie
A: ♣反  promote, further 推动；aid, assist, facilitate, help 帮助
A: ♠考法2  v. 增添负担： to place a weight or burden on
A: ♣例  Don't encumber your pack animal so much that it can hardly move. 别让你的牲畜驮这么多东西，它都走不动了
A: ♣近  burden, laden, lumber, saddle
A: ♣反  unload 卸下

Q:endeavor  [in'devə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 努力，奋斗： a conscientious or concerted effort toward an end
A: ♣例  We hope that this latest endeavor will yield much information about the atmosphere of the planet. 我们希望这最后一次的努力能够获取关于行星大气层的大量信息。
A: ♣近  attempt, essay, striving, struggle, trial, undertaking
A: ♠考法2  vt. 努力做…，拼搏： to devote serious and sustained effort
A: ♣例  endeavor to improve the quality of life in the inner city 努力改善市内的生活质量‖They endeavored to create a government that truly serves its people. 他们在努力地创立一个一心为人民服务的政府。
A: ♣近  assay, drudge, hustle, moil, plod, slave, strain, strive, sweat, seek, toil, travail, tug
A: ♣反  drop, quit 放弃

Q:endemic  [en'demik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 地方性的： prevalent in or peculiar to a particular locality, region, or people
A: ♣例  an endemic disease 地方性疾病
A: ♣近  aboriginal, indigenous, native, domestic
A: ♣反  exotic, foreign, nonindigenous, nonnative 国外的，外来的

Q:endorse  [in'dɔ:s]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 公开支持，推崇： to express support or approval of publicly and definitely
A: ♣例  endorse a presidential candidate 公开支持一名总统候选人
A: ♣近  advocate, back, approve, certify, champion, sanction, support, uphold
A: ♣反  deprecate, impugn, oppose 反对
A: ♣派  endorsement n. 支持；补充条款

Q:enervate  ['enə:veit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使衰弱： to weaken or destroy the strength or vitality of
A: ♣例  His constitution was enervated by lustful lifestyle. 他荒淫无度的生活习惯已使他身体虚弱
A: ♣近  debilitate, disable, enfeeble, fatigue, sap
A: ♣反  fortify, strengthen 强化；energize, invigorate, vitalize 注入活力
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使麻木： to deprive of emotional or intellectual vitality
A: ♣例  A lifetime of working in dreary jobs had enervated his very soul. 一生忙于无聊的工作让他变得无比麻木
A: ♣近  dampen, deaden, petrify
A: ♣反  brace, energize, enliven, invigorate, vitalize, vivify 使充满活力
A: ♣派  enervation n. 虚弱

Q:enfranchise  [in'fræntʃaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 给予权利（例如选举权）： to endow with the rights of citizenship, especially the right to vote
A: ♣例  Slaves in US were emancipated in 1863 but were not enfranchised until the Fifteenth Amendment went into effect in 1870. 尽管在美国奴隶于1863年就获得了解放，但他们直到1870年《第五修正案》正式生效才获得选举权
A: ♣反  disenfranchise, disempower 剥夺权利
A: ♠考法2  vt. 解放：to set free (as from slavery)
A: ♣例  In a way, modern labor-saving appliances enfranchised people, giving them much more leisure time. 从某种意义上来说，那些节省劳动力的现代设备将人们解放出来，给予更多的休闲时间
A: ♣近  discharge, emancipate, free, liberate, manumit, rescue, unfetter
A: ♣反  bind, confine, enfetter 束缚；subjugate, subdue; enthrall 使臣服；使成为奴隶

Q:engender  [in'dʒendə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 引起，使发展： to cause to exist or to develop
A: ♣例  Her latest book has engendered a lot of controversy. 她的新书引发了很多争议
A: ♣近  beget, cause, catalyze, generate, induce, invoke, produce, spawn
A: ♠考法2  vt. 产生，出现： to come into existence
A: ♣例  Feelings of confidence and independence that were only just beginning to engender within her. 她的自信和独立的感觉才刚刚产生
A: ♣近  actualize, appear, arise, form, materialize, spring
A: ♣反  cease 停止；disappear, perish 消逝，死亡；eradicate; quash; terminate 根除；平息；终止

Q:engross  [in'ɡrəus]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使全神贯注：to occupy exclusively
A: ♣例  was completely engrossed in his work 全神贯注于他的工作之中
A: ♣近  absorb, engage, enthrall, fascinate, grip, immerse
A: ♣派  engrossed adj. 全神贯注的

Q:enigma  [i'niɡmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 难以理解或解释的事物，谜： something hard to understand or explain
A: ♣例  The smile on Da Vinci’s masterpiece Mona Lisa has been an enigma for hundred years. 数百年来，达芬奇名作《蒙娜丽莎》上的微笑一直是个不解之谜
A: ♣近  mystery, conundrum, puzzle, riddle
A: ♣派  enigmatic adj. 谜一般的

Q:enlighten  [in'laitən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使知道： to give information to; inform or instruct
A: ♣例  enlightened us about the thorny problem 启发我们思考这个棘手的问题
A: ♣近  apprise, instruct
A: ♣反  bewilder, confuse, confound, perplex 使疑惑
A: ♠考法2  vt.（在道德上）进行教育： to provide (someone) with moral or spiritual understanding
A: ♣例  Many people around the world have been enlightened by the teachings of Gautama Buddha. 释迦摩尼的说教启迪了世界上许许多多的人的灵魂
A: ♣近  edify, educate, illuminate, nurture
A: ♣派  enlightening adj. 具有启发性的

Q:enmity  ['enməti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 敌意： positive, active, and typically mutual hatred or ill will
A: ♣例  an unspoken enmity between two factions 两个派系间心照不宣的仇恨
A: ♣近  animosity, animus, antagonism, antipathy, feud, gall, hostility, rancor
A: ♣反  amity, comity 友好；concord 和睦

Q:ennoble  [i'nəubl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使尊贵： to make noble
A: ♣例  Her skill and talent ennoble her profession. 技能和天赋使她成为业界领军人物。
A: ♣近  aggrandize, canonize, deify, dignify, glorify, magnify
A: ♣反  debase, abase, degrade, demean, humble, humiliate 贬低

Q:ennui  ['ɔnwi:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 倦怠；缺乏兴趣： listlessness and dissatisfaction resulting from lack of interest
A: ♣例  the kind of ennui that comes from having too much time on one's hands and too little will to find something productive to do 倦怠来自于手上有大把时间却没有有益的事可做
A: ♣近  doldrums, listlessness, restlessness, tedium, weariness
A: ♣反  keen interest, energy, enthusiasm, exuberance 强烈的兴趣，生气盎然

Q:ensconce  [in'skɔns]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 安置： to settle (oneself) securely or comfortably
A: ♣例  ensconce in a new job 在一个新职位安定下来
A: ♣近  install, lodge, nestle, perch, roost, settle
A: ♣反  unsettle, dislodge, displace 使从安置好的地方移开，驱逐
A: ♠考法2  v. 隐藏： to put in a hiding place
A: ♣例  ensconced the spare house key in a place where no thief would think to look 把备用钥匙藏在小偷根本不会注意的地方
A: ♣近  bury, cache, conceal, secrete
A: ♣反  display, exhibit 展示

Q:ensemble  [ɔŋ'sɔŋblə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 合唱，合奏曲： a work for two or more vocalists or instrumentalists
A: ♣例  The actor performed an ensemble piece. 该演员参与了合唱。
A: ♣反  solo 独唱

Q:ensue  [in'sju:]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 紧随其后： take place afterward or as a result
A: ♣例  A brief but embarrassing silence ensued. 一阵短暂且令人尴尬的沉默随之而来。
A: ♣反  anterior 先前的

Q:entangle  [in'tæŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 卷入，纠缠： to twist together into a usually confused mass
A: ♣例  we managed to entangle the string of lights into a hopeless mess of wires 我们将小灯泡的线纠缠成了一堆
A: ♣近  interlace, intertwist, knot, snarl, tangle
A: ♠考法2  v. 使变复杂或困难： to make complex or difficult
A: ♣例  the history of Alexander the Great is entangled by variant accounts of his exploits 亚历山大大帝的生平历史被不同版本的记录搞得很纠结
A: ♣近  complexify, perplex, sophisticate
A: ♣反  simplify, streamline 简化

Q:enthrall  [in'θrɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （像用魔咒般）吸引： to hold the attention of as if by a spell
A: ♣例  Enthralled by the flickering aurora in the sky, we lost all track of time. 我们被夜空里变化莫测的极光深深地吸引，以至于忘却了时间。
A: ♣近  absorb, arrest, bedazzle, enchant, engross, fascinate, grip, hypnotize, immerse, mesmerize, spellbind
A: ♣反  bore, jade, pall, tire, weary 使厌恶
A: ♣派  enthralling adj. 吸引人的

Q:enthusiasm  [in'θju:ziæzəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 热情，兴趣： urgent desire or interest
A: ♣例  in my enthusiasm to get going, I forgot to pack any foul-weather clothing 在强烈的出游热情下，我忘记带上防备坏天气的衣服了
A: ♣近  ardor, avidity, desirousness, impatience, keenness, lust, thirst
A: ♣反  apathy, indifference 无动于衷，漠不关心
A: ♣派  enthusiastic adj. 热情的
A: ♣反  halfhearted 心不在焉的

Q:entice  [in'tais]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 诱使： to attract artfully or adroitly or by arousing hope or desire: tempt; lure
A: ♣例  entice sb into doing sth 诱使某人做某事
A: ♣近  allure, bait, beguile, decoy, seduce, solicit, tempt, lead on
A: ♣派  enticing adj. 诱人的
A: ♣反  formidable 可怕的

Q:entrance  ['entrəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 进入权，进入许可： the means or right of entering or participating in
A: ♣例  entrance to the club is by invitation only 该俱乐部只接受受邀入会
A: ♣近  access, admission, admittance, gateway, ingress, passport, ticket
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使入迷： to fill with delight, wonder, or enchantment
A: ♣例  be entranced by the view 陶醉于景色
A: ♣近  enrapture, enthrall, ravish, transport, carry away
A: ♣反  bore, disappoint, disgust, repel, repulse 使厌烦
A: ♣派  entrancing adj. 使人欣喜的
A: ♣反  unprepossessing 不讨人喜欢的

Q:entrap  [in'træp]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 诱骗： to lure into a compromising statement or act
A: ♣例  a string of inconsistent statements finally entrapped the witness 一系列不一致的陈述最终蒙骗了目击者
A: ♣近  ensnare, ensnarl, entoil, mesh, net, snare, catch up
A: ♣反  disentangle, untangle

Q:entreat  [in'tri:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 恳求： to plead with especially in order to persuade, ask urgently
A: ♣例  entreated his boss for another chance 恳求老板再给一次机会
A: ♣近  beseech, besiege, conjure, implore, importune, solicit, supplicate, plead to, appeal to

Q:enunciate  [i'nʌnsieit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 清晰地说： to utter articulate sounds
A: ♣例  enunciate your words, and then you won't have to repeat them so often 把话说清楚，你就不用经常重复了
A: ♣近  articulate
A: ♠考法2  v. 公开宣布，宣称： to make known openly or publicly
A: ♣例  today the President enunciated a new foreign policy 总统在今天宣布了一项新的对外政策
A: ♣近  annunciate, broadcast, declare, herald, proclaim, promulgate, publicize, release, give out

Q:ephemeral  [i'femərəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 短暂的： lasting a very short time
A: ♣例  ephemeral pleasures 暂时的压力
A: ♣近  evanescent, fleeting, impermanent, temporary, transient, transitory, fugacious, fugitive
A: ♣反  eternal, permanent, perpetual, enduring, everlasting, ceaseless, immortal, undying 永久的

Q:epic  ['epik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宏大的，超凡脱俗的： surpassing the usual or ordinary, particularly in scope or size
A: ♣例  his genius was epic 他聪明过人
A: ♣近  august, grandiose, imposing, magnificent, majestic, monumental
A: ♣反  humble, unheroic, unimpressive, modest 适度的，印象不深的

Q:epicure  ['epi,kjuə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 美食家： one with sensitive and discriminating tastes especially in food or wine
A: ♣例  Thomas Jefferson was one of America's first great epicures 托马斯?杰斐逊算得上是美国早期美食家一枚
A: ♣近  bon vivant, gastronomist, gourmand, gourmet

Q:epigram  ['epiɡræm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 机智的短诗，警句： a short, witty poem expressing a single thought or observation
A: ♣例  Benjamin Franklin's most famous epigram, “Remember that time is money” 本杰明?富兰克林最著名的警句就是，时间就是金钱
A: ♣近  adage, aphorism, apothegm, byword, maxim, proverb

Q:epilogue  ['epilɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 文学作品的结局： a concluding section that rounds out the design of a literary work
A: ♣反  preface 序文
A: ♠考法2  n. 戏剧的收场白： the final scene of a play that comments on or summarizes the main action
A: ♣近  coda

Q:epithet  ['epiθet]
A: ♠考法1  n. 外号，绰号： a descriptive or familiar name given instead of or in addition to the one belonging to an individual ；a disparaging or abusive word or phrase
A: ♣例  King Richard I of England was given the very laudatory epithet “the Lion-Hearted” 英王理查一世因英勇大胆被赞誉为“狮心理查”
A: ♣近  alias, cognomen, sobriquet

Q:epitomize  [i'pitəmaiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 摘要： to make into a short statement of the main points (as of a report)
A: ♣例  his personal code of behavior on the playing field is epitomized by his favorite saying, Nice guys finish last. 他在赛场上的座右铭是：好男坚持到底。
A: ♣近  abstract, digest, encapsulate, outline, recapitulate, synopsize, sum up
A: ♠考法2  v. 代表，体现，是…的典型范例： to represent in visible form, to be a typical example of
A: ♣例  the Parthenon in Athens epitomizes the ancient Greek ideal of architectural beauty 雅典的巴特农神庙体现了古希腊对于建筑美感的理念 || behavior that epitomizes selfishness 典型的自私行为
A: ♣近  body, express, externalize, incarnate, incorporate, instantiate, manifest, materialize, substantiate

Q:equable  ['ekwəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （脾气、性情）温和的： not easily disturbed; serene
A: ♣例  equable temperament 温和的性情
A: ♣近  balmy, genial, gentle, moderate, temperate
A: ♣反  harsh, inclement, intemperate, severe 严厉的
A: ♣派  equanimity n.温和
A: ♣反  agitation, excitability 激动

Q:equilibrium  [,i:kwi'libriəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 均势，平衡： a condition in which opposing forces are equal to one another
A: ♣例  We must find an equilibrium between commercial development and conservation of our natural treasures. 我们必须在发展经济和保护自然资源之间找到一个平衡点。
A: ♣近  counterpoise, equilibration, equipoise, poise, stasis
A: ♣反  disequilibration, disequilibrium, imbalance, nonequilibrium, unbalance 不平衡
A: ♠考法2  n. （感情上的）平静： evenness of emotions or temper
A: ♣例  That stunning insult left me speechless, and several minutes passed before I recovered my equilibrium. 那个令人震惊的侮辱弄得我哑口无言，我花了好几分钟才使心情得以平静。
A: ♣近  aplomb, calmness, composure, countenance, imperturbability, placidity, repose, sangfroid, serenity, tranquillity
A: ♣反  agitation, discomposure, perturbation 不安，焦躁

Q:equity  ['ekwəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不偏不倚，公平： lack of favoritism toward one side or another
A: ♣例  the lower wages paid to women for equal work violated the notion of equity 同等工作付给女性更低的报酬违背了公平的理念
A: ♣近  disinterestedness, equity, evenhandedness, fairness, impartiality, neutrality, nonpartisanship
A: ♣反  bias, favoritism, nonobjectivity, one-sidedness, partiality, partisanship, prejudice 歧视，偏见
A: ♣派  equitable a.公平的
A: ♣反  biased, discriminatory 偏袒的，差别对待的

Q:equivalent  [i'kwivələnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj./n. 等价的，相等的： equal in force, amount, or value
A: ♣例  that huge mansion is the equivalent of five ordinary houses 那栋巨大的公馆有五套一般户型的房子那么大
A: ♣近  coequal, coordinate, counterpart, peer, rival, parallel

Q:equivocate  [i'kwivəkeit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （带有欺骗目的地）模棱两可地说，说谎话： to use equivocal language especially with intent to deceive
A: ♣例  When asked about his tax plan, the candidate didn't equivocate. 当被问到税收方案时，候选人直言不讳。
A: ♣近  fudge, hedge, weasel, prevaricate, palter
A: ♣反  communicate straightforwardly 直率地说
A: ♣派  equivocal adj. 模棱两可的： open to two or more interpretations and often intended to mislead; ambiguous.
A: ♣派  equivocation n. 模棱两可的话
A: ♣反  clarity 清楚

Q:erode  [i'rəud]
A: ♠考法1  v. 侵蚀，慢慢减少： to consume or wear away gradually
A: ♣例  flooding eroded the hillside 洪水冲刷着山岭 || inflation eroding buying power 通货膨胀导致购买力下降
A: ♣近  corrode, fret, gnaw, nibble, bite at

Q:errant  ['erənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 居无定所的： traveling from place to place
A: ♣例  the errant gunslinger as a standard character in western novels 在西部题材小说中，叛逆的持枪歹徒是经典形象
A: ♣近  ambulant, fugitive, nomadic, perambulatory, roaming, roving, vagabond, vagrant, wandering
A: ♠考法2  adj. 误入歧途的，犯错误的： straying from the proper course or standards
A: ♣例  errant youngsters 误入歧途的青少年♣近  misbehaving, mischievous
A: ♣反  behaved, behaving, nice, orderly 行为规矩的

Q:erratic  [i'rætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 善变的： not staying constant
A: ♣例  business at the fast-food restaurant has been so erratic lately that the manager never knows how much staff to have on hand 快餐店的生意最近非常起伏以至于经理也不清楚需要多少人手
A: ♣近  changing, fluctuating, irregular, unequal, unstable, unsteady, varying
A: ♣反  changeless, constant, stable, steady, unchanging, unvarying 不变的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 异常的，不同寻常的： different from the ordinary in a way that causes curiosity or suspicion
A: ♣例  the key to the code was the erratic punctuation the killer used 解开密码的关键是杀手使用的不同寻常的标点符号
A: ♣近  bizarre, eccentric, offbeat, outlandish, out-of-the-way, peculiar, quaint, queer, remarkable, screwy, spaced-out, way-out, weird

Q:erroneous  [i'rəuniəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 错误的，不正确的： containing or characterized by error
A: ♣例  The news article about the new drug was filled with much erroneous information. 有关新药的新闻报道里充斥着大量的错误信息。
A: ♣近  inaccurate, incorrect, inexact, invalid, mistaken, unsound, untrue, untruthful, wrong
A: ♣反  accurate, correct, errorless, exact, precise, right, sound, true, valid, veracious 正确的，准确的

Q:erudite  ['eru:dait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 博学的： characterized by erudition; learned
A: ♣例  an erudite scholar 渊博的学者
A: ♣近  knowledgeable, learned, lettered, literate, scholarly, well-read
A: ♣反  ignorant, unlettered, benighted, illiterate, uneducated, unscholarly 无知的

Q:escalate  ['eskəleit]
A: ♠考法1  vi.（战争等）升级，扩大： to increase in extent, volume, number, amount, intensity, or scope
A: ♣例  We don’t want to escalate the war. 我们不想使战争扩大。
A: ♣近  aggrandize, amplify, augment, boost, expand, pump up, build up
A: ♣反  wane, diminish 减弱

Q:eschew  [is'tʃu:]
A: ♠考法1  v. 刻意避开；戒绝： to avoid habitually especially on moral or practical grounds
A: ♣例  the minister eschews involvement in local politics, since he doesn't want to diminish his moral authority in the community 首相回避参与当地政治，因为他不想降低其道德权威
A: ♣近  dodge, elude, evade, shirk, shun, weasel out of
A: ♣反  embrace, greet, welcome, habitually indulge in, seek 乐于接受，寻觅

Q:escort  ['eskɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 护卫队，护送者： a person or group of persons accompanying another to give protection or as a courtesy
A: ♣例  The mayor served as the First Lady's escort for her tour of the city. 市长陪同第一夫人参观了城市。
A: ♣近  attendant, companion, guard, guide
A: ♠考法2  vt. 同行，护送： to go along with in order to provide assistance, protection, or companionship
A: ♣例  Asenior student from the college escorted my parents and me on our tour of the campus. 来自学院的一个师兄陪同我和我父母参观了校园。‖a VIP escorted by an army of bodyguards and journalists 被一群保镖和记者包围的重要人物
A: ♣近  accompany, attend, chaperone, companion, company, convoy, squire
A: ♣反  abandon, desert, ditch, dump, forsake 抛弃，不顾

Q:esoteric  [,esəu'terik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 深奥难懂的： difficult for one of ordinary knowledge or intelligence to understand
A: ♣例  esoteric terminology 少数人知道的专业术语
A: ♣近  abstruse, arcane, hermetic, recondite
A: ♣反  shallow, superficial 肤浅的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 少数人知道的： not known or meant to be known by the general populace
A: ♣例  The actor must have had some esoteric motive for leaving stage. 该演员淡出舞台肯定有不为人知的原因。
A: ♣近  confidential, inside, intimate, nonpublic, privy, secret
A: ♣反  common accepted, generally known, open, public 公开的，普遍接受的

Q:espouse  [i'spauz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 支持；拥护： to take up and support as a cause
A: ♣例  the revolutionary cause 支持革命事业
A: ♣近  embrace, take on, take up
A: ♣反  abjure, repudiate 誓绝
A: ♠考法2  vt. 结婚： to take in marriage; marry

Q:esteem  [i'sti:m]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 尊重： to regard with respect; prize
A: ♣例  be held in high esteem 被高度敬仰
A: ♣近  appreciation, estimation, favor, regard, respect
A: ♣反  disfavor, odium 不喜欢，憎恶

Q:estimable  ['estiməbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 值得尊敬的： deserving of esteem; admirable
A: ♣例  an estimable adversary 一位值得尊敬的对手
A: ♣近  prestigious, reputable, applaudable, commendable, creditable, meritorious, praiseworthy
A: ♣反  contemptible, infamous, censurable, discreditable, illaudable, reprehensible 令人鄙视的

Q:estrange  [i'streindʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使疏远，离间，使感情失和： to arouse especially mutual enmity or indifference in where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness
A: ♣例  he estranged several of his coworkers 他和好多同事疏远了
A: ♣近  alienate, disaffect, disgruntle, sour
A: ♣反  reconcile 和好

Q:etch  [etʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 蚀刻： to produce (as a pattern or design) on a hard material by eating into the material's surface (as by acid or laser beam)
A: ♣例  the artist etched his landscape on a copper plate 艺术家将风景画刻在铜盘上
A: ♣近  grave, incise, inscribe
A: ♠考法2  v. 留下深刻印象，铭记： to produce a vivid impression of
A: ♣例  in just a few pages the writer etched an unforgettable portrait of one of the more remarkable First Ladies 仅用数页，作者刻画出了一位杰出的第一夫人令人难忘的形象
A: ♣近  impress, imprint, infix, ingrain

Q:eternal  [i'tə:nəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 永恒的： having infinite duration; everlasting; perpetual
A: ♣例  eternal love 永恒的爱
A: ♣近  ageless, everlasting, immortal, imperishable, perennial, perpetual, undying
A: ♣反  ephemeral 短暂的

Q:ethereal  [i'θiəriəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻巧精致的： resembling air in lightness, highly refined; delicate
A: ♣例  the bakery's scrumptious pastries have a wonderfully ethereal consistency 面包师可口的糕点有着一种奇妙的蓬松轻巧的质感
A: ♣近  fluffy, gossamer, light
A: ♣反  heavy, leaden, ponderous 沉重的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 天国的： of, relating to, or suggesting heaven
A: ♣例  a land of ethereal beauty and tranquility 具有缥缈的美感和宁静的一片土地
A: ♣近  elysian, empyreal, heavenly, supernal
A: ♣反  chthonic, hellish, infernal, Tartarean 地狱的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 非物质的，精神（上）的： not of this world; spiritual; not composed of matter
A: ♣例  that ethereal attribute that every performer should have—charisma 每位演奏者都应该具有一种精神上的特质——那就是个人魅力
A: ♣近  bodiless, formless, incorporeal, insubstantial, nonmaterial, nonphysical, spiritual
A: ♣反  bodily, corporeal, material, physical, substantial 物质的，有实体的

Q:ethics  ['eθiks]
A: ♠考法1  n. 道德规范： rules or standards governing the conduct of a person or the members of a profession
A: ♣例  an old-fashioned work ethic 传统的工作行为规范
A: ♣近  ethos, morality, morals, norms, principles, standards

Q:ethos  ['i:θɔs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 道德准则： the code of good conduct for an individual or group
A: ♣例  Rigorous self-discipline was central to the ethos of the ancient Spartans. 严格的自律是古代斯巴达人所尊崇的核心道德准则。
A: ♣近  ethics, morality, morals, norms, principles, standards

Q:eulogize  ['ju:lədʒaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 称赞；颂扬： to speak or write in high praise of
A: ♣例  He was eulogized at his funeral as a caring husband and a good father. 他在悼词中被称赞为一个好丈夫、一个好爸爸。
A: ♣反  defame, pan, stricture 诬蔑，指责

Q:euphemism  ['ju:fimizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 婉言，委婉的说法： the substitution of an agreeable or inoffensive expression for one that may offend or suggest something unpleasant
A: ♣例  using “eliminate” as a euphemism for “kill” “杀死”的委婉说法是“灭掉”

Q:euphonious  [ju:'fəuniəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 悦耳的： pleasing or agreeable to the ear
A: ♣近  mellifluous, melodious, canorous, harmonizing, symphonious, tuneful
A: ♣反  cacophonous, discordant, disharmonious, dissonant, tuneless, unmelodious 刺耳的

Q:euphoria  [ju:'fɔ:riə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 感觉极其愉快： a state of overwhelming usually pleasurable emotion
A: ♣例  The initial euphoria following her victory in the election has now subsided. 选举成功带来的最初的欢愉感现在已经消失。
A: ♣近  elation, exhilaration, intoxication, transport, rapture, rhapsody
A: ♣反  depression 沮丧

Q:evacuate  [i'vækjueit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 撤空： to empty or remove the contents of
A: ♣例  were ordered to evacuate the building 被命令搬出大楼
A: ♣近  clear, vacate, void
A: ♣反  fill up, occupy, load 填满
A: ♠考法2  vt. 撤退： to remove especially from a military zone or dangerous area
A: ♣例  During World War II, children were evacuated from London to the country. 二战期间，伦敦市的儿童被撤离到郊区。
A: ♣反  conquer 占领

Q:evanescent  [,i:və'nesənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 逐渐消失的，短暂的： tending to vanish like vapor
A: ♣例  Beauty is as evanescent as a rainbow. 容颜易老，年华易逝。
A: ♣近  ephemeral, fleeting, impermanent, temporary, transient, transitory
A: ♣反  ceaseless, endless, enduring, eternal, everlasting, immortal, permanent, perpetual, timeless, undying, unending, abiding, lasting, perpetual 持久的

Q:evasive  [i'veisiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难以发现、捕捉、分离的；含糊其词的： hard to find, capture, or isolate; equivocal
A: ♣例  an evasive statement 模棱两可的陈述
A: ♣近  fugitive, slippery
A: ♣反  unequivocal 明确的

Q:everlasting  [,eveə'lɑ:stiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 永恒的，持久的： lasting forever; eternal
A: ♣例  To his everlasting credit, he never once gave in to temptation. 他人品非常好，从来没有受到诱惑。
A: ♣近  ageless, enduring, eternal, immortal, imperishable, perennial, perpetual, undying
A: ♣反  impermanent, mortal, temporary, transient, ephemeral 短暂的

Q:evict  [i'vikt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 赶出，逐出： to put out (a tenant, for example) by legal process; expel.
A: ♣例  Her landlord has threatened to evict her if she doesn't pay the rent soon. 她的房东威胁说如果再不交房租就要把她赶出去。
A: ♣反  harbor 收容

Q:evince  [i'vins]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 表明： to make known (something abstract) through outward signs
A: ♣例  evince a strong desire 明显地表现出强烈的欲望
A: ♣近  bespeak, betray, declare, demonstrate, expose, manifest, reveal, give away,
A: ♣反  conceal, keep hidden 隐藏

Q:evoke  [i'vəuk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 唤起，引发： to call forth or up
A: ♣例  evoke memories 唤起回忆
A: ♣近  elicit, inspire, raise

Q:exacerbate  [ek'sæsəbeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使加剧, 使恶化： to make more violent, bitter, or severe
A: ♣例  a heavy rainfall that exacerbated the flood problems 大雨恶化了洪水问题
A: ♣近  aggravate, complicate, worsen
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, mitigate, relieve, palliate 缓和

Q:exacting  [iɡ'zæktiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 严格的，苛求的： making severe demands; rigorous
A: ♣例  an exacting instructor 一位严苛的导师
A: ♣近  choosy, demanding, fastidious, finical, fussy, pernickety, persnickety, picky
A: ♣派  exact v. 强求，索取： to force the payment or yielding of
A: ♣例  exact tribute from a conquered people 从征服的人民手中强取贡品
A: ♣反  condone, forgive 赦免免除债务
A: ♠考法2  adj. 费时间花心思的： requiring much time, effort, or careful attention
A: ♣例  editing and proofreading will always be an exacting task 编辑和校对是花时间花心思的工作
A: ♣近  arduous, burdensome, challenging, grueling, killing, laborious, onerous, taxing, toilsome
A: ♣反  light, unchallenging, undemanding 要求不高的

Q:exalt  [iɡ'zɔ:lt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 提升，提拔： to raise in rank, character, or status; elevate
A: ♣例  popular support and media hype have exalted Super Bowl Sunday to the level of a national holiday 大众广泛的支持和媒体的大肆宣传已然将超级碗杯星期天变成了一个全民狂欢的大节日
A: ♣近  aggrandize, canonize, deify, dignify, elevate, ennoble, magnify
A: ♣反  abase, degrade, demean ,humble, lower in status 贬抑，降低身份
A: ♠考法2  vt. 赞扬： to glorify, praise, or honor.
A: ♣近  emblazon, extol, glorify, laud, magnify
A: ♣反  condemn 谴责

Q:exasperate  [iɡ'zæspəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激怒： to excite the anger of
A: ♣例  I was exasperated by the flight delays. 我被飞机延误激怒了。
A: ♣近  aggravate, gall, nettle, peeve, rile, ruffle, vex, burn up
A: ♣反  mitigate, mollify 平息

Q:excavate  ['ekskə,veit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 挖掘，挖空： to dig out and remove
A: ♣例  excavate soil from one area 从某处挖土出来
A: ♣反  fill in 填满

Q:exceptional  [ik'sepʃənəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 例外的，特别的，非凡的： being an exception; uncommon; extraordinary
A: ♣例  exceptional bravery 非凡的勇敢
A: ♣近  aberrant, abnormal, anomalous, exceeding, extraordinary, peculiar, unwonted
A: ♣反  commonplace, prosaic, customary, normal, ordinary, typical, unextraordinary, usual 平凡常见的

Q:excoriate  [ek'skɔ:rieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 严厉批评： to criticize harshly and usually publicly
A: ♣例  She was excoriated as a racist. 她被指责是一个种族歧视者。
A: ♣近  abuse, assail, belabor, castigate, excoriate, lambaste, vituperate
A: ♣反  accolade, extol, flatter, praise lavishly 赞扬

Q:excrete  [ek'skri:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 排泄： to separate and discharge (waste matter) from the blood, tissues, or organs
A: ♣例  excrete sweat 排汗
A: ♣反  absorb, ingest 吸收

Q:excruciate  [ik'skru:ʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 折磨，使痛苦： to inflict severe pain on; torture
A: ♣例  She has long been excruciated by a persistent pain in her back. 她长久以来被背痛折磨
A: ♣近  agonize, anguish, plague, rack, torment, torture, harrow
A: ♣反  exult 使欢跃

Q:exculpate  ['ekskʌlpeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 声明无罪；开脱，使无罪： to clear from alleged fault or guilt
A: ♣例  I have gathered evidence that will exculpate my client. 我已经搜集到能够证明委托人无罪的证据了。
A: ♣近  absolve, acquit, clear, exonerate, vindicate
A: ♣反  attribute guilt, inculpate, indict, criminate, incriminate 归罪，控告

Q:excursive  [iks'kə:siv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 离题的；散漫的： passing from one topic to another
A: ♣例  an excursive story line that some readers of Melville's novel find very rewarding 一些梅尔维尔小说的读者非常喜欢松散的故事主线
A: ♣近  desultory, digressive, meandering, rambling, wandering

Q:execrate  ['eksikreit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 谴责： to declare to be morally wrong or evil
A: ♣例  leaders from all over the world execrated the terrorists responsible for the bomb blast 世界各国首脑强烈谴责对爆炸袭击负责的恐怖分子
A: ♣近  anathematize, censure, decry, denounce, reprehend, reprobate
A: ♣反  bless 保佑
A: ♠考法2  v. 痛恨： to dislike strongly
A: ♣例  execrates anyone who would physically abuse children or animals 痛恨那些虐待儿童和动物的人
A: ♣近  abhor, abominate, despise, detest, loathe
A: ♣反  love 爱

Q:exemplary  [iɡ'zempləri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 榜样的，值得效仿的： constituting, serving as, or worthy of being a pattern to be imitated
A: ♣例  as a hospital volunteer he has given exemplary service to his community 他作为医疗志愿者为社区起到了模范的作用
A: ♣近  monitory, archetypal, imitable, paradigmatic, quintessential
A: ♣派  exemplify v. （通过榜样）示范，显示： to show or illustrate by example
A: ♠考法2  adj. 作为警告的： serving as or offering a warning
A: ♣例  armies have traditionally used public execution as an exemplary punishment for the crime of desertion 军队通常将公开处决作为玩忽职守罪的惩罚，以儆效尤
A: ♣近  admonishing, admonitory, monitory, premonitory, warning

Q:exempt  [iɡ'zempt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使免除： to release or deliver from some liability or requirement to which others are subject
A: ♣例  a man exempted from military service 免服军役的人

Q:exhaust  [iɡ'zɔ:st]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 耗尽： to consume entirely, : to make complete use of
A: ♣例  exhausted our funds in a week 在一周内就耗尽了我们的经费
A: ♣近  consume, devour, drain, expend, spend, use up
A: ♣派  exhaustive adj. 彻底的，完整的，详尽的：testing all possibilities; thorough；complete
A: ♣例  conduct an exhaustive investigation 做详尽的调查
A: ♣反  incomplete, partial 不完全的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使筋疲力尽： to wear out completely
A: ♣例  exhausted by overwork 加班使得筋疲力尽
A: ♣近  fatigue, frazzle, harass, wear out, weary, knock out

Q:exhilarate  [iɡ'ziləreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使高兴；使兴奋： to make cheerful and excited
A: ♣例  be exhilarated by her success 为她的成功感到兴奋
A: ♣近  electrify, galvanize, intoxicate, pump up, turn on
A: ♣反  sadden, depress 使悲哀，使沮丧
A: ♣派  exhilarating adj. 令人兴奋的
A: ♣反  soporific 昏昏欲睡的

Q:exhort  [iɡ'zɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 敦促；力劝： to urge by strong, often stirring argument, admonition, advice, or appeal
A: ♣例  The speaker exhorted the graduating students to go forth and try to make a difference in the world. 演讲者鼓励毕业生们去广阔天地有所作为。
A: ♣近  encourage, goad, nudge, prod, prompt, egg on

Q:exigent  ['eksidʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 紧急的： requiring immediate aid or action
A: ♣例  exigent circumstances 紧急情况
A: ♣近  compelling, dire, emergent, exigent, imperative, importunate, necessitous, pressing, urgent
A: ♣反  deferrable, noncritical, nonurgent 可拖延的，不紧急的

Q:exodus  ['eksədəs]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 大批离去： a mass departure
A: ♣例  the mass exodus from the cities for the beaches on most summer weekends 在多数夏季的周末，大批都市人奔向海滩
A: ♣近  gush, outpour, outpouring
A: ♣反  influx, flux, inflow, inrush 涌入

Q:exonerate  [iɡ'zɔnəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 免除责备： to free from blame
A: ♣例  An investigation exonerated the school from any blame. 一项调查使学校免受责备。
A: ♣近  absolve, acquit, clear, vindicate
A: ♣反  censure, incriminate, inculpate, prove guilty 责难，证明有罪

Q:exorbitant  [iɡ'zɔ:bitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过度的： exceeding the customary or appropriate limits in intensity, quality, amount, or size
A: ♣例  exorbitant prices 过高的价格
A: ♣近  extravagant, intolerable, lavish, overdue, overweening, unconscionable
A: ♣反  middling, moderate, modest, reasonable, temperate 适度的，合适的

Q:exorcise  ['eksɔ:saiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 除去： to get rid of (something troublesome, menacing, or oppressive)
A: ♣例  Please exorcise that offensive word from your vocabulary. 请把那个粗鲁的词从你的字典里删掉。
A: ♣近  cashier, cast, ditch, dump, fling, jettison, lose, pitch, reject, scrap, shed, slough, throw, toss, unload
A: ♣反  adopt, employ, use, utilize 采用，使用
A: ♣派  exorcism n. 除魔，驱鬼

Q:exotic  [,iɡ'zɔtik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 外来的，不同寻常的： excitingly or mysteriously unusual
A: ♣例  famous for her exotic tastes 她以有异域风情著称
A: ♣近  outlandish, strange
A: ♣反  indigenous, familiar, nonglamorous, plain-Jane, unexotic 本地的，平常的

Q:expansive  [ik'spænsiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 广阔的： having a great expanse or extent
A: ♣例  expansive beach 广阔的沙滩
A: ♣近  broad, extended, far-reaching, rangy
A: ♣反  limited, narrow 有限的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 健谈的，外向的： open and communicative; talkative or effusive
A: ♣例  Wine made the guest expansive. 宾客们酒后变得话多。
A: ♣反  reserved, taciturn, withdrawn, diffident 内向的

Q:expedite  ['ekspidait]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 加快进程： to speed up the progress of; accelerate
A: ♣例  expedite your plans 加快你的计划
A: ♣反  retard 减速，阻碍

Q:expedition  [,ekspi'diʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 动作迅速： speed in performance; promptness
A: ♣例  deal with the order with the greatest possible expedition 以可能的最快的速度处理订单
A: ♣近  passage, peregrination, travel, trek
A: ♣反  foot-dragging 脚步拖沓

Q:expiate  ['ekspieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 赎罪，纠正： to extinguish the guilt incurred by
A: ♣例  expiate one’s sin 赎罪
A: ♣近  mend, redeem, atone for

Q:expire  [ik'spaiə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 断气，死亡： to breathe one's last breath; die
A: ♣例  The patient expired early this morning. 病人今早逝世了。
A: ♣近  conclude, elapse, terminate, decease, leave off, let up
A: ♣反  come to life 出生
A: ♠考法2  v. 到期： to come to an end
A: ♣例  My membership in the club has expired. 我的会员资格到期了。
A: ♣近  discontinue, elapse, end, finish, terminate, wind up, wink out
A: ♣反  continue, persist, hang on 续期

Q:explicate  ['eksplikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 解释，说明： to give a detailed explanation of
A: ♣例  The physicist did his best to explicate the wave theory of light for the audience of laymen. 物理学家尽其所能向一群非专业的群众解释了光的波动性理论。
A: ♣近  clarify, clear, construe, demonstrate, demystify, elucidate, explain, expound, illuminate, illustrate, interpret, simplify, unriddle
A: ♣反  obscure 使晦涩
A: ♣派  explication n. 解释

Q:explicit  [ik'splisit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 表达清晰的： fully revealed or expressed without vagueness, implication, or ambiguity
A: ♣例  explicit instructions 表达清晰的指示说明
A: ♣近  clear-cut, definite, specific, unambiguous, unequivocal, univocal
A: ♣反  obscure, implicit, implied, inferred, ambiguous, circuitous, equivocal, indefinite, unspecific, vague 模糊的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 成熟的，完全形成的： fully developed or formulated
A: ♣例  explicit plan 成熟的计划
A: ♣反  inchoate 未完成形成的

Q:exploit  ['eksplɔit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 英雄行为： a notable or heroic act
A: ♣例  his wartime exploits 他在战争期间的英勇行为
A: ♠考法2  v. 最大程度地利用： to employ to the greatest possible advantage
A: ♣例  exploit your opponent's weakness 利用你对手的弱点
A: ♣近  abuse, leverage, milk, play on, capitalize on impose on

Q:exponent  [ik'spəunənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 倡导者，支持者： one that speaks for, represents, or advocates
A: ♣例  Exponents of space exploration earnestly called for more missions to the outer reaches of the solar system. 太空探险的支持者强烈要求对太阳系的外边缘进行探索。
A: ♣近  advocator, backer, booster, champion, espouser, friend, promoter, proponent
A: ♣反  adversary, antagonist, opponent 反对者
A: ♠考法2  n. 实践者： one who brings an art or science to full realization
A: ♣例  has long reigned as the nation's leading exponent of modern dance 被认为是该国现代舞的集大成者
A: ♣近  expounder, guru, interpreter, practitioner, high priest

Q:expurgate  ['ekspə:ɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 净化，删去不当处： to remove erroneous, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material from (a book, for example) before publication
A: ♣例  an expurgated edition of the letters 信件的删减版
A: ♣近  bowdlerize, obliterate, launder, red-pencil, clean up

Q:exquisite  ['ekskwizit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 程度强烈的： extreme in degree, power, or effect
A: ♣例  suffered exquisite pain 遭受强烈的痛感
A: ♣近  acute, dreadful, excruciating, explosive, ferocious, fierce, furious, intensive, keen, profound, terrible, vehement, vicious
A: ♣反  light, moderate, soft 适当的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 精致精巧的： having qualities that appeal to a refined taste
A: ♣例  exquisite pen-and-ink drawings of city scenes 精巧的城市钢笔画
A: ♣近  dainty, delicate, elegant, recherché, select

Q:extant  [ek'stænt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 现存的： still in existence; not destroyed, lost, or extinct
A: ♣例  the most charming writer extant 目前活着的作家中最有魅力的一位 || extant manuscripts 未毁坏的手稿
A: ♣近  current, immediate, ongoing, present-day, existent
A: ♣反  destroyed, extinct ,lost, missing, dead, extinct, nonextant 丢失的，不存在的

Q:extemporize  [ik'stempəraiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 即席表现： to do or perform (something) without prior preparation or practice
A: ♣例  a good talk show host has to be able to extemporize the interviews when things don't go as planned 一个好的脱口秀主持人要能够在计划之外即兴表现
A: ♣反  follow a script 参考草稿
A: ♣派  extemporaneous
A: ♣反  planned 有计划的

Q:extenuate  [ik'stenjueit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 减轻罪过： to lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or extent of by making partial excuses
A: ♣例  try to extenuate their vandalism with the old refrain of “Boys will be boys” 企图用“江山易改本性难移”的俗语为他们的暴行开脱
A: ♣近  deodorize, excuse, explain away, gloss over, gloze over

Q:exterminate  [ik'stə:mineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 根除，消灭： to get rid of completely usually by killing off
A: ♣例  We hope that the fumigant exterminates the whole colony of cockroaches, for any survivors may be resistant to any poison. 我们希望所有的蟑螂都能被杀虫剂根除，因为任何幸存者都可能产生抗药性。
A: ♣近  annihilate, decimate, efface, eradicate, expunge, extirpate, liquidate, obliterate, raze, sweep, wipe out
A: ♣反  conserve, preserve, protect 保护；rescue, save 拯救
A: ♣派  extermination n. 消灭

Q:extinct  [ik'stiŋkt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 灭绝的： no longer existing or living
A: ♣例  extinct species 灭绝的物种
A: ♣近  bygone, bypast, defunct, expired, nonextant, vanished
A: ♣反  alive, extant, existing, living, resuscitated 现存的
A: ♣派  extinction n. 灭绝
A: ♣反  perpetuation 永存

Q:extinguish  [ik'stiŋɡwiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 熄灭： to put out (a fire, for example); quench
A: ♣例  the fire in the skillet was quickly extinguished by slamming the lid on 平底锅的火苗很快被水浇灭了
A: ♣近  blanket, douse, quench, put out, snuff out
A: ♣反  ignite, rekindle 点燃
A: ♠考法2  v. 终止： to bring to a complete end the physical soundness, existence, or usefulness of
A: ♣例  a fatal blunder that extinguished all hope that the team would actually win the play-offs 一个致命的失误使得队伍赢得季后赛的希望完全破灭
A: ♣近  annihilate, decimate, demolish, desolate, devastate, pulverize, ruin, shatter, smash, tear down, pull down, rub out
A: ♣反  build, construct, erect, raise, rear, set up, put up 建立

Q:extol  [ik'stəul]
A: ♠考法1  v. 赞美；吹捧： to praise highly; glorify
A: ♣例  extol the virtues of… 赞美……的优点
A: ♣近  carol, exalt, glorify, laud, magnify, resound
A: ♣反  censure, impugn, malign, deprecate, detract rail, villify, excoriate 批评

Q:extort  [ik'stɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  v. 勒索： to obtain from a person by force, intimidation, or undue or illegal power
A: ♣例  The criminals extorted large sums of money from their victims. 绑匪向受害者勒索大笔钱财。
A: ♣近  wrest, wring

Q:extract  [ik'strækt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 用力拔出： to pull or take out forcibly
A: ♣例  extracted a wisdom tooth 拔出一颗智齿
A: ♣近  pull, uproot, wrest, wring, yank, root out, tear out
A: ♣反  embed 嵌入

Q:extraction  [ik'strækʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 血统： origin; lineage; ancestry
A: ♣例  a family of French extraction 有法国血统的家族
A: ♣近  bloodline, breeding, descent, genealogy, lineage, origin, family tree

Q:extraneous  [ek'streinjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无关的： having no relevance
A: ♣例  an extraneous digression 无关的跑题
A: ♣近  impertinent, inapplicable, irrelative, accidental, adventitious, external
A: ♣反  applicable, apposite, apropos, germane, pertinent, relative, relevant 相关的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 非主要因素的： not forming an essential or vital part
A: ♣例  the architect's streamlined modern style shuns any sort of extraneous ornamentation 建筑师流线型的现代设计避免了一切多余的装饰
A: ♣近  accidental, adventitious, alien, external, foreign
A: ♣反  essential, inherent, innate, intrinsic 本质的，核心的

Q:extrapolate  [ek'stræpəleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （通过逻辑）推断： to form an opinion or reach a conclusion through reasoning and information
A: ♣例  We can extrapolate from past economic recessions the probable course of the current one. 通过以往经济衰退的原因我们可以推断出本次危机的可能起源。
A: ♣近  conclude, decide, deduce, derive, gather, judge, reason, understand
A: ♣反  conjecture, guess, speculate, surmise （无根据地）猜测，揣测
A: ♣派  extrapolation n. 推论

Q:extravagant  [ik'strævəɡənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 挥霍的： given to spending money freely or foolishly
A: ♣例  has always been extravagant with her money 挥金如土
A: ♣近  profligate, spendthrift, squandering, thriftless, unthrifty, wasteful
A: ♣反  frugal, conserving, economical, penny-pinching, scrimping, skimping, thrifty 节省的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 过度的，不必要的： going beyond a normal or acceptable limit in degree or amount
A: ♣例  the book doesn't quite merit the extravagant praise that it has received 这本书被盛赞过度
A: ♣近  baroque, exorbitant, immoderate, inordinate, lavish, overdue, overmuch, overweening, plethoric, unconscionable, unmerciful
A: ♣反  middling, moderate, modest, reasonable, temperate 适当适度的

Q:extricate  ['ekstrikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使解脱，救出： to free or remove from an entanglement or difficulty
A: ♣例  extricate himself from financial difficulties 使他摆脱财政困境
A: ♣近  disengage, disentangle, free, liberate, release, untangle
A: ♣反  enmesh, entangle, embroil 卷入

Q:exuberant  [iɡ'zju:bərənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常高兴的，热情洋溢的： joyously unrestrained and enthusiastic
A: ♣例  Exuberant crowds rushed to greet the returning national champions. 激动的人群争先恐后地向凯旋归来的全国冠军表示问候
A: ♣近  ebullient, effervescent, frolic, buoyant, bouncy, vivacious
A: ♣反  austere 克制的；sullen 闷闷不乐的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 大量的，充分的： produced in extreme abundance
A: ♣例  an exuberant imagination 丰富的想象力
A: ♣近  ample, lavish, lush, luxuriant, opulent, plentiful, prodigal, profuse, riotous
A: ♣反  meager, scant, sparse 匮乏的

Q:exude  [iɡ'zju:d]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 分泌，流出：to flow forth slowly through small openings
A: ♣例  a sticky resin exuded from the bark 从树皮中分泌出来的带有恶臭的树脂
A: ♣近  bleed, ooze, seep
A: ♣反  absorb 吸收

Q:exult  [iɡ'zʌlt]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 感到欢喜： to rejoice especially with feelings or display of triumph or self-satisfaction
A: ♣例  exult in a triumph 沉浸在胜利的喜欢当中
A: ♣近  delight, glory, jubilate, joy, rejoice, triumph
A: ♣反  lament, mourn 哀悼；bemoan 叹息，悲伤
A: ♣派  exultant adj. 狂喜的

Q:fable  ['feibl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 寓言故事： a story intended to teach a basic truth or moral about life
A: ♣例  This classic Christmas film is essentially a fableshowing how every person's life has meaning. 这部经典的基督教电影本质上来说是一个寓言，它告诉我们每个人的生命都是有意义的
A: ♣近  apologue, parable
A: ♠考法2  n. 神话，传说： a legendary story of supernatural happenings
A: ♣例  According to an ancient fable, the waters of the mountain spring are the tears of a woman weeping for her lost children. 根据一个古老的传说，这条山中的泉水是一名失去孩子的母亲所流下的眼泪
A: ♣近  legend, mythos, tale
A: ♠考法3  n. 谎言： a statement known by its maker to be untrue and made in order to deceive
A: ♣例  The stories of lost cities of gold may have been fables deliberately concocted by Native Americans to dupe the Spanish. 所谓的“失落的黄金之都”的故事也许只是美洲土著们杜撰出来忽悠西班牙人的
A: ♣近  fabrication, falsehood, lie, mendacity, prevarication, story
A: ♣反  fact 事实；truth 真相
A: ♣派  fabulous adj. 寓言般的，难以置信的

Q:fabricate  ['fæbrikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 捏造： to make up for the purpose of deception
A: ♣例  be accused of fabricating evidence 被指控有捏造证据的行为
A: ♣近  concoct, coin, devise, forge, fake, feign, invent
A: ♠考法2  vt. 搭建，组建；打造： to bring into being by combining, shaping, or transforming materials
A: ♣例  The house was essentially fabricated at the factory and then shipped to the site for assembly. 这间房屋的核心主体在工厂内建好之后，它被运往目的地直接进行组装‖All the key parts are fabricated from high quality titanium alloy. 所有的关键零件都是由上好的钛合金打造的
A: ♣近  assemble, construct, erect, frame, fashion, manufacture, produce, rear, set up
A: ♣反  demount, disassemble, dismantle, dismember 拆解，拆毁
A: ♣派  fabrication n. 组建；虚构的事物

Q:fabulous  ['fæbjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 传说中的： based on, described in, or being a fable
A: ♣例  The city of Phoenix is named after a fabulous bird that every 500 years destroys itself with fire, only to rise again from its own ashes. 凤凰城的名字来源于传说中的一种鸟，它每隔500年会在火焰中毁灭，然后再从灰烬中重生。
A: ♣近  fabled, legendary
A: ♠考法2  adj. 幻想中的，不真实的： not real and existing only in the imagination
A: ♣例  a story of a fabulous land where the people know nothing of war and live together in perfect harmony 一个有关世外桃源的故事，当地的居民不知道战争为何物，和谐融洽地生活在一起
A: ♣近  chimerical, dreamy, illusory, phantom, unreal, visionary
A: ♣反  actual, existent, existing, real 真实存在的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 令人惊讶的，令人称奇的： causing wonder or astonishment
A: ♣例  the fabulous endurance of a marathon runner 马拉松参赛者令人惊讶的耐力
A: ♣近  amazing, astonishing, astounding, miraculous, portentous, prodigious, staggering, stunning, stupendous, sublime, wonderful
A: ♣反  common, ordinary 平常的，普通的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 极好的： extremely pleasing or successful
A: ♣例  We had a fabulous time on our vacation. 我们的假期赞极了。
A: ♣近  awesome, divine, fantastic, heavenly, marvelous, noble, prime, s

Q:facetious  [fə'si:ʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 喜欢开玩笑的，轻浮的： joking or jesting often inappropriately
A: ♣例  Stop being facetious! This is the life-and-death moment. 别开玩笑了！这可是生死攸关的时刻
A: ♣近  humorous, jocose, jocular, waggish, witty
A: ♣反  earnest, sincere 真挚的，真诚的；lugubrious 哀怨的

Q:facile  ['fæsail]
A: ♠考法1  adj.表面的，浅尝辄止的：having or showing a lack of depth of understanding or character
A: ♣例  propose a facile solution to a complex problem 给一个复杂的问题提议一个肤浅的解决方案
A: ♣近  cursory, shallow, simplistic, superficial
A: ♣反  deep, profound 深刻的；comprehensive, exhaustive 全面的，详尽的
A: ♠考法2  adj.容易的，唾手可得的： easily accomplished or attained
A: ♣例  a facile victory 一场轻松易得的胜利
A: ♣近  cheap, easy, effortless, painless, royal
A: ♣反  arduous, demanding, difficult, formidable, hard, laborious, toilsome, tough 费力的，困难的

Q:facilitate  [fə'siliteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使变容易，促进： to make easy or easier
A: ♣例  The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism. 新建机场促进了旅游业的发展。
A: ♣近  ease, expedite, forward, further, help
A: ♣反  check, hamper, handicap, hinder, impede, obstruct, thwart, retard 阻碍，阻止；complicate 复杂化
A: ♣派  facility n. 设施；容易，方便

Q:faction  [fækʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 派系： a party or group (as within a government) that is often contentious or self-seeking
A: ♣例  affiliated with one faction 附属于某个党派‖North-Ocean Faction 北洋派
A: ♣近  bloc, body, clique, coalition, sect, wing
A: ♣派  factional adj.派系的，派别的

Q:fad  [fæd]
A: ♠考法1  n. （短暂的）流行，时尚： a practice or interest that is very popular for a short time
A: ♣例  Once the fad for that kind of music had passed, nobody would have been caught dead listening to it. 一旦那种流派的音乐流行风刮过之后，就没有人会来听它出丑了。
A: ♣近  buzz, craze, enthusiasm, fashion, trend, vogue
A: ♣反  classic 经典；standard 标准

Q:fail-safe  ['feilseif]
A: ♠考法1  n. 保险措施： a measure taken to preclude loss or injury
A: ♣例  There are so many fail-safes built into the system that a highly unlikely series of mistakes would have to be made before failure could occur. 系统中嵌入了大量的保险措施，因此在系统崩溃之前，必须要发生一系列几乎不可能出现的错误
A: ♣近  caution, palladium, preventive, safeguard
A: ♠考法2  adj. 万无一失的： having no chance of failure
A: ♣例  a fail-safe device 自动防故障装置‖Men have traditionally regarded flowers as the fail-safe gift for Valentine's Day. 男士们长期以来认为鲜花是情人节永远不会错的礼物
A: ♣近  certain, foolproof, sure, unfailing
A: ♣反  fallible 容易犯错的

Q:fallacious  [fə'leiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谬误的，不合逻辑的： containing or based on a fallacy
A: ♣例  the once-common fallacious claim that girls just weren't any good at math 曾经广为流传的一个谬论：女孩子无论如何就是学不好数学
A: ♣近  illogical, invalid, irrational, mad, reasonless, sophistic, unreasonable
A: ♣反  sound 论证有力的；valid 合乎逻辑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 欺骗性的： tending to deceive or mislead
A: ♣例  fallacious testimony 不真实的证词
A: ♣近  beguiling, deceiving, deceptive, deluding, delusive, delusory, false, fraudulent, misleading
A: ♣反  authentic, veritable 真实的
A: ♣派  fallacy n.逻辑谬误

Q:fallible  ['fæləbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可能出错的： tending or likely to be erroneous or capable of making an error
A: ♣例  They are only human and all too fallible. 他们都是人类，因此难免犯错。‖a hasty, fallible generalization 有可能出错的匆促总结
A: ♣近  errant
A: ♣反  fail-safe, foolproof, infallible, unfailing 万无一失的，不可能出错的
A: ♣派  fallibility n. 易错

Q:fallow  ['fæləu]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 休耕的： left untilled or unsown after plowing
A: ♣例  The field was lying fallow. 那田地正在休耕中
A: ♣近  untilled, uncultivated
A: ♠考法2  adj. 闲置的： not being in a state of use, activity, or employment
A: ♣例  The coal mine has been lying fallow since the drop in prices made it unprofitable. 自从煤价下跌造成亏损，这个煤矿就一直处于停工状态
A: ♣近  dead, dormant, inert, inoperative, latent, unused, vacant
A: ♣反  functioning, occupied, operative, running, working使用中的；active 活跃的

Q:falsehood  ['fɔ:lshud]
A: ♠考法1  n. 谎言： a statement known by its maker to be untrue and made in order to deceive
A: ♣例  Truth always rise above falsehood, as oil rise above water. 油脂水面浮，真理胜谎言
A: ♣近  deception, fable, lie, mendacity, prevarication, untruth
A: ♣反  truth, verity 真相，实话

Q:falter  ['fɔ:ltə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 蹒跚： to walk unsteadily
A: ♣近  lurch, stagger, stumble, teeter, totter, wobble
A: ♠考法2  vi. 犹豫，踌躇： to be unsteady in purpose or action, as from loss of courage or confidence
A: ♣例  Mr. Garrison never once faltered in his demand that slavery be unconditionally abolished. 盖瑞森先生从不对他废除奴隶的要求存有任何的犹豫
A: ♣近  balance, halt, hesitate, vacillate, waver
A: ♣派  faltering adj. 犹豫的

Q:fanatic  [fə'nætik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狂热者： a person marked or motivated by an extreme, unreasoning enthusiasm, as for a cause.
A: ♣例  a soccer fanatic 一个足球迷
A: ♣近  bigot, devotee, enthusiast, fiend, freak, maniac, partisan, zealot
A: ♣反  nonfan 非爱好者
A: ♠考法2  adj. 狂热的；盲信的： marked by excessive enthusiasm and often intense uncritical devotion
A: ♣例  They are fanatic about sadomasochism. 他们对SM十分狂热
A: ♣近  extreme, rabid, radical, revolutionary, ultra
A: ♣反  conservative 保守的；rational 理性的
A: ♣派  fanatical adj. 狂热的；盲信的

Q:fanciful  ['fænsiful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 幻想中的，不真实的： not real and existing only in the imagination
A: ♣例  a fanciful tale of a monster in the woods 一个有关栖息在丛林中的怪兽的传说故事
A: ♣近  chimerical, fabulous, fantastic, fictional, fictitious, ideal, invented, mythical, notional, phantom, visionary
A: ♣反  actual, existent, existing, real 真实存在的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不切实际的，荒谬的： conceived or made without regard for reason or reality
A: ♣例  She harbors the fanciful notion that she has a talent for singing. 她怀着一个不切实际的空想：她有着歌唱家的天赋。
A: ♣近  absurd, bizarre, crazy, foolish, insane, nonsensical, preposterous, unreal, wild
A: ♣反  realistic, reasonable 现实的，有理的

Q:fantasy  ['fæntəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 幻想： imaginative fiction featuring especially strange settings and grotesque characters
A: ♣例  indulge in a fantasy 沉迷于幻想
A: ♣近  chimera, conceit, daydream, delusion, dream, hallucination, illusion, vision
A: ♣反  actuality, fact, reality, truth 事实，现实
A: ♠考法2  vt. 产生幻想： to form a mental picture of
A: ♣例  He regularly fantasies romantic encounters that he knows will never happen. 他会定期意淫一些永远不可能发生的浪漫邂逅
A: ♣近  dream, envisage, envision, fantasize, imagine, picture
A: ♣派  fantastic adj. 梦幻般的，极好的

Q:farce  [fɑ:s]
A: ♠考法1  n. （带有嘲讽元素的）滑稽戏： a light dramatic composition marked by broadly satirical comedy and improbable plot
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, parody, sham, travesty
A: ♣反  serious play 正剧
A: ♠考法2  n. 闹剧： ridiculous or empty show
A: ♣例  The enforcement of this law became a farce. 这条法律的执行过程成了一场闹剧
A: ♣近  joke, mockery, nonsense
A: ♣派  farcical adj. 荒谬的

Q:fascinate  ['fæsineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 强列吸引，使入迷： to hold an intense interest or attraction for
A: ♣例  toys that fascinate infants 吸引婴儿们的玩具
A: ♣近  allure, arrest ,attract, bewitch, captivate, charm, enchant, enthrall, grip
A: ♣反  disgust, repel 使厌恶，使反感
A: ♣派  fascinating adj. 引人入胜的

Q:fast  [fɑ:st]
A: ♠考法1  n. 绝食；斋戒： an act of abstaining from food
A: ♣例  fast to death 绝食而死
A: ♣近  hunger strike
A: ♠考法2  adj. 快速的： characterized by quick motion, operation, or effect
A: ♣例  The fast pace of construction resulted in our new house being done ahead of schedule. 极快的施工使得我们的新房提前竣工
A: ♣近  brisk, expeditious, fleeting, hasty, quick, rapid, speedy, swift
A: ♣反  slow 慢的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 忠诚的： firm in one's allegiance to someone or something
A: ♣例  The two girls soon became fast and inseparable friends. 这两个女孩子很快成为了忠于彼此的形影不离的好伙伴
A: ♣近  constant, dedicated, devoted, devout, loyal, pious
A: ♣反  disloyal, perfidious 不忠诚的；treacherous 背叛的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 稳固的，难以拆卸的： firmly positioned in place and difficult to dislodge
A: ♣例  The rusty, old screws are so fast in the fitting that there's no hope of getting them out. 这颗生锈的老铁钉已经钉得太死了，根本不可能将其取出
A: ♣近  firm, frozen, lodged, secure, stable, staunch, strong, stuck
A: ♣反  loose, shaky 松动的；insecure 不稳定的
A: ♣派  fasten v. 系紧

Q:fastidious  [fæs'tidiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 挑剔的，极仔细的，追求完美的： possessing or displaying careful, meticulous attention to detail
A: ♣例  be fastidious about personal hygiene and appearance 极其注意个人卫生和外表
A: ♣近  demanding, exacting, fussy, hypercritical, squeamish
A: ♣反  undemanding 不挑剔的；cursory 粗略的，敷衍的；indiscriminate, uncritical 不加区分的

Q:fateful  ['feitful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 意义重大的： involving momentous consequences
A: ♣例  make a fateful decision to declare war 做出了宣战的重大决定
A: ♣近  critical, crucial, important, momentous, significant
A: ♣反  inconsequential, insignificant, petty, paltry, trivial, unimportant 不重要的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 带来灾难的，毁灭性的： bringing death or disaster
A: ♣例  a fateful journey 一趟致命的旅行
A: ♣近  calamitous, cataclysmic, catastrophic, deadly, destructive, disastrous, fatal, ruinous

Q:fathom  ['fæðəm]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 测量（深度）： to measure the depth of (as a body of water) typically with a weighted line
A: ♣例  The pilot had to continually fathom the river, which drought conditions had lowered to unprecedented levels. 舵手不得不时刻注意河水深度，因为干旱已经使水深下降到了前所未有的程度
A: ♣近  plumb
A: ♠考法2  vt. 彻底理解，弄懂： to penetrate and come to understand
A: ♣例  unable to fathom the what he was talking about 无法弄懂他在说什么
A: ♣近  apprehend, cognize, comprehend, grasp, know, understand
A: ♣反  misunderstand 误解
A: ♣派  fathomable adj. 可测量的；可知晓的

Q:fatigue  [fə'ti:ɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 疲惫： weariness or exhaustion from labor, exertion, or stress
A: ♣例  The day-long battle against the blaze left firefighters in a state of utter fatigue. 与大火一整天的斗争使得消防员们处于极度疲惫的状态
A: ♣近  collapse, exhaustion, lassitude, tiredness, weariness
A: ♣反  refreshment, rejuvenation, revitalization 恢复活力
A: ♠考法2  n. （让人厌倦的）苦差事： something, such as tiring effort or activity, that causes weariness
A: ♣例  Although he had joined the army for action and adventure, much of his day seemed to be devoted to mindless fatigues. 尽管当初参军是为了上战场冒险的，但我生活的大部分时间似乎都耗费在了没意思的苦差上
A: ♣近  drudge, drudgery, grind, labor, sweat, toil, travail
A: ♣反  fun, play 玩耍；sinecure 美差，闲职

Q:fatuous  ['fætjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 愚笨的： complacently or inanely foolish
A: ♣例  Emperor Yang in the Sui Dynasty is not only a rare fatuous tyrant but also an outstanding poet. 隋炀帝不仅仅是少有的昏暴之君，在文学上还是一位杰出的诗人
A: ♣近  asinine, brainless, foolish, obtuse, silly, simple, stupid, unwitty, witless
A: ♣反  sagacious, sapient 聪明的，睿智的；judicious, prudent, sensible, wise 谨慎的，明智的

Q:faultfinder  ['fɔ:ltfaində]
A: ♠考法1  n. 吹毛求疵的人： one who is given to petty criticism and constant complaint
A: ♣例  No sooner had we finished decorating the church than the parish faultfinder decided that she didn't like it. 我们一完成教堂的装修工作，教区里挑剔的人就说她不喜欢
A: ♣近  carper, castigator, caviler, censurer, critic, disparager, hypercritic, nitpicker

Q:favorable  ['feivərəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 赞许的：expressing approval
A: ♣例  Favorable reviews for the movie were few . 关于电影的正面评价极少
A: ♣近  admiring, applauding, commendatory, complimentary, positive
A: ♣反  adverse, disapproving, negative 否定的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有利的：tending to promote or facilitate
A: ♣例  mild climate favorable to his health 有利于他健康的温和气候
A: ♣近  advantageous, benefic, beneficial, favoring, good, helpful, salutary
A: ♣反  unfavorable, disadvantageous, untoward, unpropitious 不利的

Q:favoritism  ['feivəritizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 偏爱，偏袒： the showing of special favor
A: ♣例  Favoritism blinded the administrator to the benefits of the proposed system for distributing work. 偏袒使得经理无法意识到这一待讨论的分配系统所带来的收益。
A: ♣近  favor, one-sidedness, partiality, prejudice, tendentiousness
A: ♣反  impartiality, neutrality, objectivity, open-mindedness, unbiasedness 公平，公正

Q:fawn  [fɔ:n]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 阿谀奉承： to seek favor or attention by flattery and obsequious behavior
A: ♣例  fawn on one's superior 向上司谄媚
A: ♣近  cower, cringe, flatter, grovel, toady, truckle
A: ♣反  domineer 统治；专横跋扈
A: ♣派  fawning adj. 阿谀奉承的，讨好的

Q:faze  [feiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 打扰，使尴尬： to disturb the composure of: disconcert, dismay
A: ♣例  Nothing can faze her. 没有什么可以使她气馁
A: ♣近  abash, annoy, bother, disconcert, dismay, disturb, discomfit, embarrass, fluster, rattle
A: ♣反  calm, lull 使平静，使镇定

Q:featureless  ['fi:tʃəlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏特征的： lacking distinguishing characteristics or features
A: ♣例  the featureless landscape of the steppe 大草原上缺乏特色的地貌
A: ♣近  beige, characterless, faceless, indistinctive, neutral, noncommital, vanilla
A: ♣反  diagnostic, discriminating, distinct, distinctive, distinguishing, identifying, peculiar, typical 特征的

Q:feckless  ['feklis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无成果的，没有价值的： having no real worth or purpose
A: ♣例  years of feckless negotiations 长达数年的毫无成果的谈判
A: ♣近  bootless, fruitless, futile, meaningless, purposeless, useless, worthless
A: ♣反  effective, effectual, efficacious 有成效的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 粗心不负责任的： careless and irresponsible
A: ♣例  The young man was feckless and irresponsible. 这个年轻人既粗心又没有责任感
A: ♣近  careless, heedless, inadvertent, irresponsible, slipshod, sloppy
A: ♣反  careful, cautious, circumspect, discreet, wary 谨慎小心的

Q:fecund  ['fikənd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多产的，肥沃的： fruitful in offspring or vegetation
A: ♣例  fecund black soil 肥沃的黑土地
A: ♣近  cornucopian, fertile, fruitful, lush, luxuriant, productive, prolific, rich
A: ♣反  barren, infertile, sterile 贫瘠的
A: ♣派  fecundity n. 多产

Q:feeble  ['fi:bl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 衰弱的： markedly lacking in strength
A: ♣例  The heartbeat was feeble and irregular. 心跳虚弱而不规则
A: ♣近  debilitated, effete, enervated, faint, fragile, frail, infirm, languid, sapped
A: ♣反  mighty, powerful, robust, stalwart, stout, strong 强壮的，强健的
A: ♣派  enfeeble vt. 使衰弱

Q:feign  [fein]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 制造假象，装出…的样子： to give a false appearance of
A: ♣例  I would never feign illness just to postpone a test. 我绝不会为了缓考而装病
A: ♣近  affect, assume, counterfeit, dissemble, pretend, profess, sham, simulate
A: ♣派  unfeigned adj. 没有伪装的，真诚的

Q:felony  ['feləni]
A: ♠考法1  n. 重罪： one of several grave crimes, such as murder, rape, or burglary, punishable by a more stringent sentence than that given for a misdemeanor
A: ♣例  a felony punishable by life imprisonment 可被判处无期徒刑的重罪
A: ♣近  crime
A: ♣反  misdemeanor, peccadillo 轻罪

Q:fender  ['fendə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 缓冲装置： a cushioning device, such as a bundle of rope or a piece of timber, used on the side of a vessel or dock to absorb impact or friction
A: ♣例  a fender on the SUV 运动越野车的一个防护板
A: ♣近  buffer, bumper, cocoon, cushioning, pad

Q:feral  ['fiərəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 野生的： not domesticated or cultivated
A: ♣例  Animal experts discourage homeowners from trying to adopt feral animals as pets. 动物专家们不建议户主们将野生动物收养为宠物
A: ♣近  undomesticated, untamed, wild
A: ♣反  cultivated 人工培养的；domestic, tame 家养的，被驯化的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 动物性的：having or showing the nature and appetites of a lower animal
A: ♣例  The movie reveals just how thin the veneer of civilization is and how feral we are at bottom. 这部电影展示了所谓文明只不过是薄薄的一层纱，而内心深处我们仍然是野兽
A: ♣近  animalistic, beastly, brutal
A: ♣反  rational 理性的

Q:ferocious  [fə'rəuʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极端的，剧烈的： marked by unrelenting intensity
A: ♣例  Ferocious heat wave kept people indoor. 剧烈的热浪使人不能出门。
A: ♣近  dreadful, excruciating, explosive, fearsome, fierce, intensive, profound, vehement, violent
A: ♣反  light, moderate, soft 轻柔的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 激烈的，爆发性的： marked by bursts of destructive force or intense activity
A: ♣例  Ferocious forest fires threatened to destroy hundreds of homes in the scrubland. 肆虐的森林大火威胁着灌木丛中数百户居民的住所。
A: ♣近  cyclonic, explosive, furious, paroxysmal, rabid, stormy, tempestuous, tumultuous, turbulent, volcanic
A: ♣反  nonviolent, peaceable, peaceful 平静的，平和的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 凶猛的，残暴的： violently unfriendly or aggressive in disposition
A: ♣例  captured and slaughtered by the ferocious tribesmen 被残暴的部落居民所抓获并惨遭屠杀
A: ♣近  feral, grim, savage, vicious
A: ♣反  gentle, mild, unaggressive 温和的，不具攻击性的
A: ♣派  ferocity n. 凶猛，残暴

Q:fertilize  ['fə:tilaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使肥沃，使多产： to make fertile
A: ♣例  Reading will fertilize vocabulary. 阅读丰富词汇
A: ♣近  enrich, manure
A: ♣反  deplete, drain, exhaust 消耗，耗尽
A: ♣派  fertilizer n. 化肥

Q:fervent  ['fə:vənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 充满感情的，热情洋溢的： exhibiting or marked by great intensity of feeling
A: ♣例  a fervent speech that called for tolerance and compassion for those who are physically challenged 一个充满感情的演说，它呼吁人们对残疾人持有一颗包容和同情的心
A: ♣近  ardent, demonstrative, fervid, flaming, glowing, impassioned, incandescent, passionate, perfervid, torrid, vehement, zealous
A: ♣反  cold, cool, dispassionate, emotionless, impassive, unemotional 冷漠的

Q:fervid  ['fə:vid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 酷热的： having a notably high temperature
A: ♣例  set out when the fervid heat subsides 当酷热消散之后才出发
A: ♣近  boiling, hot, scorching, searing, sultry, sweltering, torrid
A: ♣反  arctic, chilling, cold, freezing, frigid, frozen, glacial, icy 冰冷的，寒冷的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 热情的： marked by great passion or zeal
A: ♣例  a fervid patriot 热情洋溢的爱国者
A: ♣近  ardent, fervent, impassioned, passionate, perfervid
A: ♣反  cold, cool, dispassionate, emotionless, impassive, unemotional 淡定的，不为所动的

Q:fervor  ['fə:və]
A: ♠考法1  n. 热情，狂热： great warmth and intensity of emotion
A: ♣例  A blind patriotic fervor is called chauvinism. 盲目的爱国热情就被称为沙文主义
A: ♣近  ardor, enthusiasm, passion, zeal, zealotry
A: ♣反  apathy, indifference, impassiveness, unconcern 冷漠

Q:fester  ['festə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 感染溃烂，腐烂： to infect, inflame, or corrupt
A: ♣例  A dirty wound will probably fester. 伤口弄脏了有可能会化脓
A: ♣近  corrupt, decompose, putrefy, rot, spoil
A: ♣反  heal, cure 愈合

Q:fetid  [fetid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶臭的： having a heavy offensive smell
A: ♣例  Ammonia has a fetid odor that sickened the people. 氨气有着令人作呕的气味
A: ♣近  foul, fusty, malodorous, noisome, reeking, smelly, stinky, strong
A: ♣反  ambrosial, aromatic, balmy, fragrant, redolent, scented 芳香的

Q:fetter  ['fetə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 枷锁，限制： something that limits one's freedom of action or choice
A: ♣例  a fetter that prevents us from trying something new 阻碍我们尝试新事物的枷锁
A: ♣近  circumscription, constraint, curb, limitation, restraint, stricture
A: ♠考法2  v. 束缚： to restrain from motion, action, or progress
A: ♣例  be fettered by family responsibilities 被家庭责任所束缚
A: ♣近  chain, clog, enfetter, hamper, manacle, restrain, shackle, trammel
A: ♣反  enfranchise, free, liberate, unbind, unfetter, unshackle 解放；facilitate 促进
A: ♣派  enfetter v. 束缚

Q:fiasco  [fi'æskəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大失败： a complete failure
A: ♣例  The Hitler's plot ended in a fiasco. 希特勒的阴谋最终以失败告终
A: ♣近  catastrophe, debacle, disaster, failure
A: ♣反  blockbuster, éclat, success 成功

Q:fickle  ['fikl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易变的： likely to change frequently, suddenly, or unexpectedly
A: ♣例  a fickle lover 感情善变的情人
A: ♣近  capricious, fluid, mercurial, mutable, temperamental, volatile
A: ♣反  constant, immutable, invariable, stable, steady 稳定的，不变的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不忠诚的： not true in one's allegiance to someone or something
A: ♣例  When the family's fortune disappeared, so did their fickle friends. 当这个家庭的财富消逝殆尽时，他们的那些虚伪的朋友也无影无踪了
A: ♣近  disloyal, perfidious, recreant, traitorous, treacherous, unfaithful
A: ♣反  faithful, loyal 忠诚的

Q:fictitious  [fik'tiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚构的： not real and existing only in the imagination
A: ♣例  His wartime exploits turned out to be entirely fictitious, as he had never even been in the military. 他吹嘘的战时英勇行为是彻底虚构的，因为他根本就没有参过军
A: ♣近  chimerical, fabricated, fabulous, fictional, imagined, invented
A: ♣反  actual, existing, real 事实的

Q:fidelity  [fi'deliti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 忠诚： the quality or state of being faithful
A: ♣例  They have never wavered in their fidelity to the cause of liberation. 他们从不动摇对于解放事业的忠诚
A: ♣近  adherence, allegiance, commitment, devotion, faith, loyalty, piety
A: ♣反  disloyalty, infidelity, perfidy 不忠； treachery 背叛
A: ♣派  infidel n. 异教徒

Q:figment  ['fiɡmənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 虚构的事物，幻觉： something made up or contrived
A: ♣例  Unable to find any tracks in the snow the next morning, I was forced to conclude that the shadowy figure had been a figment of my imagination. 第二天一早，我没有在雪地上发现任何足迹，由此我不得不相信昨晚幽灵一样的物体只是我的空想。‖Thus far, the invisible human being has been nothing more than a figment of fantasy writers. 到目前为止，隐形人还仅仅只是玄幻小说笔下的构想。
A: ♣近  chimera, conceit, daydream, delusion, dream, fancy, fantasy, hallucination, illusion, phantasm, vision
A: ♣反  fact, materiality, reality 客观存在的事物

Q:figurative  ['fiɡjurətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 比喻的： expressing one thing in terms normally denoting another with which it may be regarded as analogous
A: ♣例  The word here is used in its figurative sense. 这个词在这里取它的比喻义
A: ♣近  extended, metaphorical
A: ♣反  literal 字面上的，逐字逐句的

Q:figurine  ['fiɡjuri:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小雕塑： a small statue
A: ♣例  His collection of figurines includes toy soldiers from every war that America has fought. 他收藏的小雕塑包括了所有美国参与过的战争中的兵人模型
A: ♣近  figure, statuette
A: ♣反  colossus 巨像

Q:filibuster  ['filibʌstə]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 拖延议事： the use of obstructionist tactics, especially prolonged speechmaking, for the purpose of delaying legislative action
A: ♣例  The Senator used a filibuster to stop the bill. 参议员拖延了草案的实施
A: ♣近  delay, hindrance, impediment, obstruction, postponement ,procrastination

Q:filter  [filtə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 过滤： to pass through a filter
A: ♣例  steep the tea and then filter it to get rid of the leaves 浸泡茶叶，再将其过滤以去除废渣
A: ♣近  screen
A: ♠考法2  v. 去除杂质： to remove(usually visible) impurities from
A: ♣例  After frying the chicken, we filtered the oil and kept it in the refrigerator to use again. 在炸完鸡肉之后，我们将滤去了杂质的油保存起来以供日后使用
A: ♣近  clear, distill, garble, purify
A: ♣反  adulterate 掺杂；contaminate 污染

Q:finale  [fi'nɑ:li]
A: ♠考法1  n. 终场，结局： the closing part, scene, or number in a public performance
A: ♣例  Didier Drogba pulled one back for Chelsea in a finale. 德罗巴在终场结束时为切尔西扳回一球。
A: ♣近  close, coda, conclusion, end
A: ♣反  prologue 开场白； overture 序曲

Q:finesse  [fi'nes]
A: ♠考法1  n. 娴熟技巧： mental skill or quickness
A: ♣例  The musician shows wonderful finesse. 那位音乐家展现出了非凡的技艺
A: ♣近  adeptness, adroitness, cleverness, dexterity, proficiency
A: ♣反  awkwardness, ineptitude, gaucherie, ungainliness 笨拙
A: ♠考法2  v. 精心策划： to plan out usually with subtle skill or care
A: ♣例  finesse the schedule 精心安排日程
A: ♣近  contrive, frame, machinate, maneuver, manipulate
A: ♠考法3  v.（巧妙地）躲避： to get or keep away from (as a responsibility) through cleverness or trickery
A: ♣例  He tried to finesse the blame for the foreign policy fiasco, even though he was secretary of state at the time. 他竭尽所能躲避因失败的对外政策而可能遭到的指责，尽管他是时任国务卿
A: ♣近  avoid, dodge, eschew, evade, shun
A: ♣反  confront 直面

Q:finicky  ['finiki]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过分讲究的，挑剔的： extremely or excessively particular, exacting, or meticulous in taste or standards
A: ♣例  have a reputation for being finicky eater 有着挑食的名声
A: ♣近  demanding, exacting, fastidious, fussy, nice, particular
A: ♣反  undemanding, unfussy 不挑剔的

Q:fitful  ['fitful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无规律的，缺乏周期的： having an erratic or intermittent character
A: ♣例  He drifted off into a fitful sleep. 他慢慢地陷入了时睡时醒的状态。
A: ♣近  aperiodic, casual, discontinuous, episodic, erratic, intermittent, irregular, occasional, sporadic, unsteady
A: ♣反  constant, continuous, incessant 持续不断的；periodic, regular, repeated 定期的

Q:flaccid  ['flæksid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不结实的，松弛的： not firm or stiff; lacking normal or youthful firmness
A: ♣例  flaccid muscles 松弛的肌肉
A: ♣近  droopy, floppy, lank, loose, slack, yielding
A: ♣反  stiff, sturdy 结实的，坚硬的；resilient 有弹性的

Q:flag  [flæɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 旗帜，象征： a piece of fabric that is used as a symbol (as of a nation) or as a signaling device
A: ♣例  We respect the flag of our fathers. 我们尊敬父辈们的旗帜
A: ♣近  banner, ensign, pendant, pennant
A: ♠考法2  v. 变得衰弱： to become unsteady, feeble, or spiritless
A: ♣例  We flagged as we neared the end of the long mountain trail. 当我们终于快到达漫长山路的终点时，已经筋疲力尽
A: ♣近  decay, decline, deteriorate, emaciate, fade, fail, languish, sag, waste, wilt, wither
A: ♣反  thrive 繁荣；revitalize, revive 恢复活力
A: ♣派  unflagging adj. 坚持不懈的

Q:flamboyant  ['flæm'bɔiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 艳丽夺目的，炫耀的，充满装饰的： marked by or given to strikingly elaborate or colorful display or behavior; ornate
A: ♣例  Las Vegas showgirls wearing flamboyant headdresses 打扮花哨的拉斯维加斯舞女
A: ♣近  flaring, florid, garish, ornate, ostentatious, showy
A: ♣反  natural 自然的；conservative, quiet, understated 低调的
A: ♣派  flamboyance n. 炫目，炫耀

Q:flatter  ['flætə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 拍马屁，奉承，讨好： to praise excessively especially from motives of self-interest
A: ♣例  Friends who flatter you to your face are not true friends. 当面拍你马屁的朋友都不是真正的朋友
A: ♣近  adulate, blandish, compliment, court, massage, overpraise, stroke, wheedle
A: ♣反  abuse 辱骂；censure, criticize 批评
A: ♠考法2  vt. 自我感觉良好： to think highly of (oneself)
A: ♣例  Don't flatter yourself that no one has ever thought of that idea before.不要自欺欺人地认为别人没有考虑过那个想法
A: ♣近  pique, plume
A: ♠考法3  vt. 使显得更漂亮： to show off becomingly or advantageously
A: ♣例  Orange flatters those with golden skin tones. 橙色让黄肤色的人显得更漂亮
A: ♣近  become, enhance, suit
A: ♣反  mar, spoil 破坏
A: ♣派  flattering adj.令人满足的，令人迷恋的

Q:flaw  [flɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 瑕疵，缺点： an imperfection, often concealed, that impairs soundness
A: ♣例  The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw. 完美无瑕本身就是瑕疵
A: ♣近  blight, blotch, defect, fault, imperfection, mar, scar, spot
A: ♠考法2  v. 降低，破坏，使不完美： to reduce the soundness, effectiveness, or perfection of
A: ♣例  That crack has flawed the vase to the extent that its value in the antiques market is greatly reduced. 那道裂缝让这个花瓶在古董市场上大大地掉价
A: ♣近  blemish, break, compromise, cripple, harm, hurt, impair, injure, spoil, vitiate
A: ♣反  fix, mend, repair, revamp 修复，改造
A: ♣派  flawed adj. 有瑕疵的；flawless adj. 完美无瑕的

Q:fledgling  ['fledʒliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 新手： a person who is just starting out in a field of activity
A: ♣例  At hockey he's still a fledgling and needs to work on his basic skating skills. 在冰球场上他还是一个菜鸟，还需要在基本的滑冰技术上加强练习
A: ♣近  apprentice, beginner, freshman, neophyte, novice, tyro, recruit, rookie
A: ♣反  veteran 老兵，身经百战的人
A: ♣派  fledge v. 鸟类长羽毛

Q:fleet  [fli:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 舰队，车队： a group of vehicles traveling together or under one management
A: ♣例  fleet of the Royal Navy 皇家海军的舰队
A: ♣近  armada, caravan, cavalcade, motorcade
A: ♠考法2  adj. 迅速的： moving, proceeding, or acting with great speed
A: ♣例  He was fleet as a deer. 他如小鹿般敏捷
A: ♣近  brisk, expeditious, fast, hasty, nimble, quick, rapid, rattling, speedy, swift
A: ♣反  slow 缓慢的
A: ♠考法3  vi. 快速通过： to move or pass swiftly
A: ♣近  dart, flit, hurry, hustle
A: ♣反  plod 沉重而缓慢地走
A: ♣派  fleeting adj. 稍纵即逝的

Q:fleeting  ['fli:tiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 稍纵即逝的，短暂的： lasting only for a short time; passing swiftly
A: ♣例  They have been waiting for more than 4 hours but caught only a fleeting glimpse of the movie star. 他们苦等了至少四个小时，却最终只短短地瞟到了电影明星一眼。
A: ♣近  brief, ephemeral, evanescent, flash, fugitive, impermanent, passing, temporary, transient, transitory
A: ♣反  ceaseless, deathless, eternal, everlasting, immortal, lasting, permanent, perpetual, timeless 永恒的

Q:flexible  ['fleksibl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 灵活的，可变的： capable of being readily changed
A: ♣例  Our schedules are highly flexible. 我们的计划是非常灵活的
A: ♣近  adaptable, adjustable, alterable, changeable, elastic, fluid, malleable, modifiable, pliable, variable
A: ♣反  fixed, immutable, inflexible, invariable 确定的，不可变的；stiff, rigid 僵化的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 易受影响的： susceptible to influence or persuasion
A: ♣例  Their boss was flexible and lenient. 他们的老板既好说话，又很仁慈
A: ♣近  docile, manageable, tractable
A: ♣反  adamant, headstrong, intractable, mulish, recalcitrant, refractory, stubborn, obstinate 倔强的
A: ♣派  flexibility n. 灵活性

Q:flinch  [flintʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 畏缩；退缩： to draw back in fear, pain, or disgust
A: ♣例  He met my gaze without flinching. 他毫不畏缩地与我对视
A: ♣近  cringe, quail, recoil, shrink, wince
A: ♣反  face, meet 面对；confront 直面

Q:flippancy  ['flipənsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 轻率，无礼： unbecoming levity or pertness especially in respect to grave or sacred matters
A: ♣例  The flippancy of your answer annoyed me. 你轻率的回答让我很恼火
A: ♣近  facetiousness, flightiness, frivolousness, frothiness, levity, silliness
A: ♣反  earnestness, gravity, seriousness, soberness, solemnity, solemnness 严肃，认真

Q:flirt  [flə:t]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 调情： to behave amorously without serious intent
A: ♣例  The waitress at that restaurant flirts with all single male customers. 这家餐厅的女服务员对所有的男性单身顾客都暗送秋波
A: ♣近  coquet, dally, frivol, toy, trifle
A: ♠考法2  vi. 无规则地快速运动： to make an irregular series of quick, sudden movements
A: ♣例  lazily watched the butterflies flirting among the wildflowers 慵懒地看着蝴蝶在野花丛中乱舞
A: ♣近  dance, dart, fleet, flick, flit, flutter, hurry, rush, zip

Q:flit  [flit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 快速或突然地经过：to pass quickly or abruptly from one place or condition to another
A: ♣例  Memories of the evening flitted through her mind. 关于那一晚的记忆在她脑海中一掠而过。
A: ♣近  dance, dart, fleet, flick, flirt, flutter, hurry, rush, zip
A: ♣反  plod 沉重缓慢地走

Q:flock  [flɔk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 人群，兽群： a great number of persons or creatures massed together
A: ♣例  a flock of ill-disposed reporters at the press conference 新闻发布会上一群不怀好意的记者
A: ♣近  army, drove, herd, legion
A: ♠考法2  vi. 聚集，集体行动： to congregate or travel in a flock or crowd
A: ♣例  Vacationers flocked to the towns along the shore in order to escape the August heat. 度假的人们一起涌向海岸，以躲避八月里的热浪
A: ♣近  mob, swarm, throng

Q:florid  ['flɔ:rid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辞藻华丽的，花哨的： full of fine words and fancy expressions
A: ♣例  gave a florid speech to attract attention 做了个辞藻华丽的演说以吸引眼球
A: ♣近  bombastic, flowery, grandiloquent, magniloquent, rhetorical
A: ♠考法2  adj. 装饰华丽的： elaborately and often excessively decorated
A: ♣例  a florid architectural style 华丽的建筑风格
A: ♣近  baroque, bedizened, flamboyant, fussy, luscious, ornate
A: ♣反  austere, plain, severe, stark, unadorned 朴素的，简单的

Q:flounder  ['flaundə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 笨拙地行动，挣扎： to proceed or act clumsily or ineffectually
A: ♣例  flounder through the desert 步履蹒跚地穿越沙漠
A: ♣近  blunder, fumble, lumber, plod, struggle, trudge
A: ♣反  glide, slide 滑行；breeze, waltz 轻松地行动

Q:flourish  ['flauriʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 茂盛；繁荣： to grow luxuriantly; to achieve success
A: ♣例  The program will flourish once it receives adequate funding. 这个项目只要有足够的资金就能大获成功
A: ♣近  bloom, burgeon, prosper, thrive
A: ♣反  languish, wane 变得衰弱，衰败；fail 失败
A: ♠考法2  n. 装饰： an embellishment or ornamentation
A: ♣例  a bedroom with cute little flourishes 一间带有可爱小装饰的卧室‖Her writing style is simple and clear, without unnecessary flourishes. 她的文风很简单清新，没有那些不必要的修饰
A: ♣近  adornment, decoration, embellishment, ornamentation

Q:flout  ['flaut]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 嘲弄性不理会，蔑视： to treat with contemptuous disregard
A: ♣例  flout the academic norm by plagiarizing 通过抄袭来蔑视学术规范
A: ♣近  despise, disregard, gibe, sneer, taunt
A: ♣反  respect, revere, venerate 尊敬

Q:fluctuate  ['flʌktjueit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 波动，无规则地变动： to shift back and forth uncertainly
A: ♣例  Stock prices fluctuate wildly.股票价格大幅波动‖Samples of ice cores collected from Antarctica suggested that the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide has been fluctuating periodically. 南极冰芯样本表明，大气中的二氧化碳浓度存在周期性的涨落
A: ♣近  mutate, shift, swing, oscillate, vacillate, vary, waver
A: ♣反  stabilize 保持稳定；plateau 到达稳定状态
A: ♣派  fluctuation n. 涨落，波动

Q:fluent  ['flu(:)ənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 表达流利的： able to express oneself clearly and well
A: ♣例  a very fluent speaker who always communicates his points well 一个总能明确指出要点的流利演说家
A: ♣近  eloquent, silver-tongued, well-spoken
A: ♣反  inarticulate, ineloquent, unvocal 说话不清的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不费力的： involving minimal difficulty or effort
A: ♣例  a fluent performance of one of the oldest magic tricks in the book 一场毫不费力的魔术，表演的是书本上最老的魔术之一
A: ♣近  effortless, facile, fluid, painless, ready, simple, smooth
A: ♣反  arduous, demanding, exacting, formidable, grueling, hard, laborious, murderous, rough, toilsome, tough
A: ♣派  fluency n. 流畅，流利

Q:fluky  ['flu:ki]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 侥幸的： coming or happening by good luck especially unexpectedly
A: ♣例  a fluky coincidence that kept me safely at home when the blizzard hit 一个偶然的巧合让我在暴风雪来袭时安全地待在家里
A: ♣近  fortuitous, lucky, providential
A: ♣反  hapless, unfortunate, unlucky, ill-fated 不幸的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 偶然的： happening by or depending on chance
A: ♣近  casual, chance, inadvertent, incidental, unintended, unintentional
A: ♣反  calculated, deliberate, intended, intentional, planned, premeditated 蓄意的，有预谋的
A: ♣派  fluke n. 侥幸，偶然

Q:flush  [flʌʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （肤色）健康红润的： having a healthy reddish skin tone
A: ♣近  blooming, florid, glowing, red, rosy, rubicund, sanguine
A: ♣反  ashen, doughy, livid, pale, pallid, wan 苍白的，病态的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 富有的： having goods, property, or money in abundance
A: ♣例  She's very flush now that she has her inheritance. 自从继承了那份遗产，她变得十分富有
A: ♣近  affluent, loaded, opulent, wealthy
A: ♣反  destitute, impoverished, indigent, needy, impecunious 贫穷的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 大量的： marked by abundance
A: ♣例  a field flush with flowers 充满了鲜花的原野
A: ♣近  abounding, abundant, awash, fraught, lousy, replete, swarming, teeming, thronging
A: ♣反  inadequate, insufficient, scant, scarce, short 匮乏的，不足的
A: ♠考法4  vi. 冲洗： to pour liquid over or through in order to cleanse
A: ♣例  flush a wound with iodine 用碘酒冲洗伤口
A: ♣近  irrigate, rinse, sluice, wash

Q:fluster  ['flʌstə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使慌乱： to put into a state of agitated confusion
A: ♣例  A GPA of 1.0 flusters him. 1.0的绩点让他很慌乱
A: ♣近  abash, confound, confuse, discomfit, disconcert, discountenance, faze, mortify, nonplus, rattle
A: ♣反  calm, quiet, settle, soothe, tranquilize 安抚，使情绪镇定

Q:foible  ['fɔibl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小缺点： a minor flaw or shortcoming in character or behavior
A: ♣例  admired their teacher despite his foibles 尽管有些小缺点，但还是很敬佩他们的老师
A: ♣近  demerit, dereliction, failing, fault, frailty, shortcoming, sin, vice, want, weakness
A: ♣反  merit, virtue 优点，美德

Q:foil  [fɔil]
A: ♠考法1  v. 挫败： to prevent from being successful; defeat
A: ♣例  foil her enemy by pulling some strings 通过一些关系和手段挫败了她的对手
A: ♣近  baffle, balk, beat, checkmate, discomfit, frustrate, thwart
A: ♣反  forward, foster, further, promote 帮助，促进

Q:foment  ['fəument]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 助长，煽动： to promote the growth or development of
A: ♣例  He was accused of fomenting violence. 他被指控煽动暴力行为
A: ♣近  abet, brew, ferment, incite, instigate, provoke, raise, stir
A: ♣反  quash, quell, quench, squash 平息，镇压

Q:foolproof  ['fu:l,pru:f]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 十分简单以至于不会失败的： so simple, plain, or reliable as to leave no opportunity for error, misuse, or failure
A: ♣例  Anything foolproof is impossible and what truly counts is probability. 没有万无一失的事情，真正的问题在于概率
A: ♣近  guaranteed, infallible, safe, unfailing, fail-safe
A: ♣反  fallible 容易出错的

Q:footloose  ['fut,lu:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无拘无束的，自由的： having no attachments or ties; free to do as one pleases
A: ♣例  After having been chained for so long, the suddenly footloose dog ran about the yard tirelessly. 这只长期被锁链束缚的小狗因为突然之间获得了自由，在院子里不知疲倦地奔跑
A: ♣近  loose, unbound, unconfined, unfettered, unrestrained, untrammeled
A: ♣反  bound, confined, restrained, tied 有束缚的

Q:forage  ['fɔridʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 寻找： to make a search
A: ♣例  went foraging for change for the parking meter 寻找付停车费的零钱
A: ♣近  chase, hunt, pursue, quest, rummage, search
A: ♣反  ignore, neglect 忽视，忽略；conceal, hide 隐藏
A: ♣派  forager n. 为动物寻找饲料的人

Q:forbearance  [fɔ:bεərəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 克制；忍耐： tolerance and restraint in the face of provocation; patience
A: ♣例  reach the end of my forbearance 到了让我忍无可忍的地步
A: ♣近  patience, temperance, tolerance, toleration
A: ♣反  impatience 不耐烦
A: ♠考法2  n. 友好仁慈的态度： kind, gentle, or compassionate treatment especially towards someone who is undeserving of it
A: ♣例  The judge showed forbearance, and gave the teenaged first offender a suspended sentence. 法官网开一面，给了初犯的少年犯一个缓刑
A: ♣近  charity, clemency, leniency, mercifulness, quarter
A: ♣反  vindictiveness 恶意

Q:forebear  ['fɔ:bεə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 祖先：a person from whom one is descended; an ancestor
A: ♣例  The son of Abrahamis traditionally considered to be the forebear of the Arabs. 亚伯拉罕之子传统上被认为是阿拉伯人的祖先
A: ♣近  ancestor, antecedent, asendant,father, grandfather, primogenitor, progenitor
A: ♣反  descendant, offspring 后代

Q:forebode  [fɔ:'bəud]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 预示，预兆： to show signs of a favorable or successful outcome
A: ♣例  That police car parked outside the house doesn’t forebode well. 门外停着的那辆警车可不是什么好兆头。
A: ♣近  augur, predict, promise
A: ♣派  foreboding n. 预感，预兆

Q:foreground  ['fɔ:ɡraud]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 强调，重视： to indicate the importance of by centering attention on
A: ♣例  He repeatedly foregrounded his experience in international affairs in the course of his campaign for the presidency. 在他竞选总统的过程中，他一再强调自己在处理国际事务方面的经验。
A: ♣近  accent, accentuate, emphasize, feature, highlight, illuminate, press, punctuate, stress
A: ♣反  de-emphasize, understate, play down 轻描淡写

Q:forestall  [fɔ:'stɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 预先阻止： to delay, hinder, or prevent by taking precautionary measures beforehand
A: ♣例  You can often forestall skidding on the ice simply by driving more slowly. 通常你只需慢点开车就可以防止车辆在冰面上失控打滑
A: ♣近  avert, deter, obviate, preclude, prevent
A: ♣反  abet, assist, facilitate, further, precipitate, promote 帮助，促进

Q:foreword  ['fɔ:wə:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 前言： a preface or an introductory note, as for a book, especially by a person other than the author
A: ♣例  The foreword of this book is co-written by Jason and Franklin. 这本书的序由Jason和Franklin共同写成
A: ♣近  beginning, introduction, overture, preamble, preface, prelude, prologue
A: ♣反  epilogue, coda 尾声；finale 终场

Q:forfeit  ['fɔ:fit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 罚金： a sum of money to be paid as a punishment
A: ♣近  damages, fine, forfeiture, mulct, penalty
A: ♣反  bonus, premium, prize 奖金

Q:forge  [fɔ:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 伪造： to make or imitate falsely especially with intent to defraud
A: ♣例  The boy forged his father’s signature on his transcript. 小男孩在他的成绩单上伪造了父亲的签名
A: ♣近  coin, counterfeit, fabricate, fake
A: ♠考法2  v. 锻造，铸就： to form (as metal) by or as if by heating and hammering
A: ♣例  a real man forged by adversity 一个经磨难考验而成的纯爷们‖They agreed to forge closer economic and political ties. 他们就打造双边的紧密政治经济联系达成了共识
A: ♣近  build, construct, form, make, manufacture, mold, shape
A: ♣派  forger n. 打铁匠

Q:formidable  ['fɔ:midəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人害怕的： causing fear, dread, or apprehension
A: ♣例  a nation that possesses formidable nuclear deterrence 一个拥有可怕核威慑力量的国家
A: ♣近  direful, dreadful, fearsome, forbidding, ghastly, horrible, intimidating, redoubtable, terrifying
A: ♣反  comforting 给人安慰的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 艰难的： requiring considerable physical or mental effort
A: ♣例  running a marathon is a formidable undertaking 跑马拉松是个困难的任务‖They have recently made a formidable decision. 他们最近做出了一个艰难的决定
A: ♣近  arduous, challenging, demanding, exacting, grueling, heavy, laborious, sweaty, toilsome, tough, strenuous
A: ♣反  easy, effortless, facile, mindless, simple 轻松的，简单的

Q:forsake  [fɔ'seik]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 彻底放弃，抛弃： to renounce or turn away from entirely
A: ♣例  Forsaking most of our possessions, we evacuated just before the hurricane struck. 我们抛下了绝大多数的财产，终于在海啸来袭之前撤离了。‖Her boyfriend has forsaken her. 她的男朋友将她抛弃。
A: ♣近  abandon, desert, maroon, quit, renounce, strand
A: ♣反  reclaim 重新获得；hold, keep, retain, withhold 保留
A: ♣派  forsaken adj. 被抛弃的

Q:forthright  [,fɔ:θ'rait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 直率的，说话率真的： free in expressing one's true feelings and opinions
A: ♣例  her forthright way of dealing with people 她率真的为人处事方式
A: ♣近  candid, forthcoming, frank, honest, open, outspoken, straightforward
A: ♣反  dissembling 虚伪的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 直接的，不绕弯子的： free from ambiguity or evasiveness: going straight to the point
A: ♣例  was forthright in appraising the problem 直截了当地评价这个问题
A: ♣近  direct, plain, straight
A: ♣反  circuitous, indirect, roundabout 不直接的，绕弯子的

Q:fortify  ['fɔ:tifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 加固，鼓励： to give physical strength, courage, or endurance to
A: ♣例  This country will fortify the coastal areas. 这个国家要加强沿海地区的防御
A: ♣近  energize, harden, invigorate, reinforce, strengthen, toughen
A: ♣反  debilitate, enervate, enfeeble, vitiate, weaken 使衰弱，削弱
A: ♠考法2  vt. 做好心理准备： to prepare (oneself) mentally or emotionally
A: ♣例  She fortified herself for the incoming tennis tournament with a series of confidence-boosting exercises. 她通过一系列练习赛来找自信，为即将到来的网球锦标赛做好心理准备
A: ♣近  brace, forearm, gird, nerve, poise, ready, steel

Q:foster  ['fɔstə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 促进，鼓励： to help the growth or development of
A: ♣例  detect and foster artistic talent 发现并培养艺术天分
A: ♣近  advance, encourage, forward, further, incubate, promote
A: ♣反  discourage, frustrate, inhibit 阻碍，妨碍
A: ♠考法2  vt. 培养： to bring to maturity through care and education
A: ♣例  a greathearted couple fostering two adopted children as well as their own对两个养子像自己的孩子一样培养的好心夫妇
A: ♣近  breed, cultivate, nourish, nurse, nurture, raise, rear

Q:founder  ['faundə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 建立者： one that founds or establishes
A: ♣例  founders of the nation 国父们
A: ♣近  architect, author, creator, father, generator, initiator, originator, sire
A: ♣反  terminator 终结者
A: ♠考法2  vi. 完败： to fail utterly
A: ♣例  The theater company foundered after its corporate funding dried up. 在其基金告罄之后，这个戏剧公司彻底失败了
A: ♣近  collapse, flunk, miss, strike out, wash out
A: ♣反  succeed, work out 成功
A: ♠考法3  vi. 沉没：to become submerged
A: ♣例  The ship struck a reef and foundered. 船因触礁而沉没
A: ♣近  sink, submerge, submerse, go down
A: ♣反  float 漂浮

Q:fracas  ['frækɑ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 争吵，吵闹： a physical dispute between opposing individuals or groups; a rough and often noisy fight usually involving several people
A: ♣例  The police were called in to break up the fracas.警察奉命去制止骚乱
A: ♣近  battle, clash, combat, conflict, contest, hassle, skirmish, struggle, tussle

Q:fracture  ['fræktʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 破裂： the act or process of breaking
A: ♣例  a sudden fracture of the established order 已建立起的秩序被突然打破
A: ♣近  breach, break, rupture, schism, split
A: ♣反  unity 统一
A: ♠考法2  v. 打碎，破坏： to cause to separate into pieces usually suddenly or forcibly
A: ♣例  Their happiness was fractured by an unforeseen tragedy. 他们的幸福生活被突如其来的悲剧打破了
A: ♣近  disrupt, fragment, rive
A: ♣反  cement 接合

Q:fragile  ['frædʒail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易碎的： easily broken or destroyed
A: ♣例  a fragile piece of glass 一块易碎的玻璃
A: ♣近  breakable, feeble, frail, friable, frangible, infirm, unsound, weak
A: ♣反  tough, durable 抗打击的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 易受伤的，脆弱的： easily injured without careful handling
A: ♣例  Babies are extremely fragile, so remember to care for them gently. 小孩子特别容易受伤，所以要记得温柔地对待他们
A: ♣近  delicate, sensitive
A: ♣派  fragility n. 脆弱

Q:frail  [freil]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚弱的： physically weak
A: ♣例  Working for three days without any sleep made him extremely frail. 连续三天的彻夜工作使他极为虚弱
A: ♣近  weak, effete, enervated, feeble, fragile, infirm, languid, unsubstantial
A: ♣反  robust 充满活力的 hale, sturdy 健壮的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （意志）薄弱的： easily led astray; morally weak
A: ♣例  frail and pathetic humanity 容易误入歧途的可悲人性
A: ♣近  characterless, invertebrate, nerveless, spineless
A: ♣反  faithful, resolute 意志坚定的，有坚定信念的
A: ♠考法3  adj. （希望）渺茫的： slight, unsubstantial
A: ♣例  a frail hope of success 成功的机会渺茫
A: ♣近  fragile, negligible, slight, small
A: ♣反  good 很有希望的
A: ♣派  frailty n. 虚弱，（意志）脆弱

Q:fraudulent  ['frɔ:djulənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 欺诈的：characterized by, based on, or done by fraud
A: ♣例  a fraudulent interpretation of experimental data对实验数据的欺骗性解释
A: ♣近  deceitful, deceptive, dishonest, duplicitous, guileful, underhanded
A: ♣反  reliable, trustworthy 可信的；authentic 真实的； honest, straight 诚实的
A: ♣派  fraudulence n. 欺骗

Q:fraught  [frɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 充满的： full of or accompanied by something
A: ♣例  an experience fraught with peril 充满危险的经历
A: ♣近  abounding, abundant, awash, flush, replete, thronging
A: ♣反  scarce 稀缺的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 令人忧虑的： causing or characterized by emotional distress or tension
A: ♣例  a fraught relationship between the two neighboring countries 两邻国间令人担忧的关系
A: ♣近  uneasy, agitating, anxious, distressful, disturbing, restless, tense, unsettling, nail-biting
A: ♣反  calming, relaxing 使人镇静的，使人放松的

Q:frenzy  ['frenzi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 疯狂，狂怒： a violent mental or emotional agitation
A: ♣例  She is subject to these frenzies several times a year. 她每年都要暴怒几次
A: ♣近  delirium, fever, furor, fury, hysteria, insanity, rage, rampage, uproar
A: ♣反  sanity 理智
A: ♣派  frenetic adj. 疯狂的

Q:frequent  ['fri:kwənt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 时常拜访： to pay frequent visits to; be in or at often
A: ♣例  to frequent opera houses 时常造访歌剧院
A: ♣近  haunt, resort, visit
A: ♣反  avoid, shun 躲避
A: ♠考法2  adj.时常发生的，重复再现的：happening at short intervals; often repeated or occurring
A: ♣例  He used to make frequent trips to Los Angeles 他从前经常前往洛杉矶旅行
A: ♣近  common, constant, everyday, habitual, periodical, repeated
A: ♣反  rare 稀有的，少见的
A: ♣派  frequency n. 频率；频繁

Q:fretful  ['fretful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易怒的，烦躁的： inclined to be vexed or troubled
A: ♣例  Adolescence is the most fretful stages of human development. 青春期是人类发展过程中最恼人的阶段
A: ♣近  irritable, fractious, peevish, pettish, petulant
A: ♣反  easygoing 随和的
A: ♣派  fret v. 使烦躁

Q:friable  ['fraiəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易碎的： easily crumbled or pulverized
A: ♣例  friable mineral rock 易碎的矿石
A: ♣近  crumbly, delicate, feeble, fragile, frail, infirm, weak
A: ♣反  sturdy, substantial 坚固的

Q:friction  ['frikʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 摩擦： the rubbing of one object or surface against another
A: ♣例  lubricant that significantly reduces friction 能显著减少摩擦的润滑剂
A: ♣近  abrasion
A: ♠考法2  n. 冲突，不和： the clashing between two persons or parties of opposed views
A: ♣例  There is a friction between the professor and students. 教授和学生之间存在不和
A: ♣近  disagreement, conflict, contention, dissidence, schism, war
A: ♣反  accord, harmony, peace, concord 和谐
A: ♣派  frictional adj. 产生摩擦的

Q:frigid  ['fridʒid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 严寒的： extremely cold
A: ♣例  an unusually frigid winter of Wuhan 武汉一个反常的寒冬
A: ♣近  cold, arctic, chilling, freezing, frosty, glacial
A: ♣反  roasting, scalding, scorching, searing, seething, sizzling, sultry, sweltering, torrid 炎热的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 冷漠的： lacking warmth or ardor
A: ♣例  a formal but frigid welcome 一个正式但冷漠的招呼
A: ♣近  indifferent, cold, emotionless, passionless, unresponsive
A: ♣反  ardent, amorous, cordial 饱含感情的
A: ♣派  frigidity n. 严寒；冷漠

Q:fringe  [frindʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 边缘： something that resembles such a border or edging
A: ♣例  “Don’t act on the fringes of the law,” warns the customs officer. 海关人员警告说：“不要打法律的擦边球”
A: ♣近  border, boundary, circumference, edge, margin, perimeter, periphery, skirt
A: ♣反  center, core 中心，核心
A: ♠考法2  v. 接壤： to be adjacent to
A: ♣近  abut, border, neighbor, skirt, verge

Q:frivolous  ['frivələs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻浮的： marked by unbecoming levity
A: ♣例  a frivolous young woman 一个举止轻浮的年轻女子
A: ♣近  giddy, shallow, superficial
A: ♣反  earnest, sober, serious 严肃的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不重要的： of little weight or importance
A: ♣例  The frivolous comment was soon forgotten. 那个不值一提的评论很快就被遗忘了
A: ♣近  trivial, flimsy, light, petty, trifling
A: ♣反  consequential, eventful, meaningful, momentous, weighty 重要的
A: ♣派  frivolity n. 轻浮，轻佻

Q:frosty  ['frɔsti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 寒冷的： having a low or subnormal temperature
A: ♣例  a frosty autumn that was a sign of the brutal winter that followed 一个极为寒冷的秋天，它象征着随之而来的、可能更加残暴的冬季
A: ♣近  algid, arctic, bitter, chilling, coldish, cool, freezing, frigid, gelid, glacial, icy, nippy, numbing, polar, snappy
A: ♣反  ardent, blazing, burning, fervent, fervid, molten, roasting, scalding, scorching, searing, sultry, sweltering, torrid 炎热的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无强烈感情的，冷淡的： lacking in friendliness or warmth of feeling
A: ♣例  She gave the telemarketer on the phone a frosty “No, thank you” and hung up. 她向电话那头的推销员冷冷地说了一句“不，谢谢”之后就挂掉了电话。
A: ♣近  antiseptic, apathetic, brittle, chilly, cold-blooded, frozen, indifferent, unfriendly, unsympathetic, wintry
A: ♣反  cordial, friendly, genial, hearty, sympathetic, warm, warm-blooded, warmhearted 友善的，热心的

Q:frothy  ['frɔθi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 用轻薄材料制作的：made of light thin material
A: ♣例  a frothy laptop made of carbon fiber and alloys 碳纤维以及合金制造的轻薄型笔记本电脑
A: ♣近  delicate, gossamer, light
A: ♣反  weighty 重的；sturdy 结实的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （内容等）欢乐轻佻、不严肃的： gaily frivolous or light in content or treatment
A: ♣例  a frothy movie 一部有喜感的电影
A: ♣近  flighty, frivolous, puerile
A: ♣反  earnest, serious, sober 严肃的

Q:frowsy  ['frauzi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 邋遢的： having a slovenly or uncared-for appearance
A: ♣例  frowsy hair 邋遢的头发
A: ♣近  slovenly, unkempt, untidy
A: ♣反  dapper, neat, tidy, spruce 整洁的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 味道难闻的： having an unpleasant smell
A: ♣例  The abandoned house was dank and frowsy and barely fit for human habitation. 这座废房子光线又暗，气味又难闻，几乎无法供人居住
A: ♣近  fetid, noisome, smelly, stinky
A: ♣反  ambrosial, aromatic, fragrant, redolent 芳香的

Q:frugal  ['fru:ɡəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 节约的： characterized by or reflecting economy in the use of resources
A: ♣例  be frugal in her expenditures 节约她的开销
A: ♣近  sparing, economical, provident, stingy
A: ♣反  extravagant, prodigal, sumptuous 奢侈浪费的
A: ♣派  frugality n. 节俭

Q:frustrate  [frʌs'treit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 挫败，阻挠： to prevent from accomplishing a purpose or fulfilling a desire
A: ♣例  frustrated their scheme in time 及时挫败了他们的阴谋
A: ♣近  ruin, baffle, balk, circumvent, foil, thwart
A: ♣反  abet 帮助，鼓舞，教唆 accomplish, fulfill 实现
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使沮丧： to lessen the courage or confidence of
A: ♣例  frustrated by his failure 为他的失败感到沮丧
A: ♣近  chill, daunt, dishearten, dismay, dispirit
A: ♣反  embolden, encourage, nerve, steel 鼓舞
A: ♣派  frustration n. 沮丧；阻挠；frustrated adj. 沮丧的

Q:full-bodied  ['ful'bɔdid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 重要的： having importance, significance, or meaningfulness
A: ♣例  a full-bodied study of genetic engineering 一项基因工程的重要研究
A: ♣近  important, consequential, momentous, significant, weighty
A: ♣反  trivial 不重要的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 味道浓烈的： having richness and intensity of flavor or aroma
A: ♣例  full-bodied perfume in the cabin 车厢内浓郁的香水味
A: ♣近  strong, concentrated
A: ♣反  insipid 平淡无奇的

Q:fulminate  ['fʌlmineit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 大声斥责： to issue a thunderous verbal attack or denunciation
A: ♣例  fulminate the so-called curricular reform痛斥所谓的课程改革
A: ♣近  criticize, blame, censure, condemn, denounce, denunciate, lambaste, reprehend, reprobate
A: ♣反  applaud, compliment, praise 赞美
A: ♣派  fulmination n. 训斥

Q:fumble  ['fʌmbl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 笨拙地做： to make awkward attempts to do or find something
A: ♣例  fumbled in his pocket for a coin 从口袋里笨拙地摸出一枚硬币
A: ♣近  botch, flounder, mess, stumble
A: ♠考法2  n. （无意识的）失误： an unintentional departure from truth or accuracy
A: ♣例  played the entire piano piece without a single fumble 完美地演绎了整首钢琴曲
A: ♣近  blunder, fault, gaffe, lapse, misstep, mistake

Q:furor  ['fju:rɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喧闹，激动，狂热：a state of intense excitement or ecstasy
A: ♣例  The decision to raise tax has caused a great furor among the working class. 提高税收的决定引起了工人阶级的强烈反响
A: ♣近  delirium, frenzy, fever, fury, hysteria, outrage, rage, uproar, wrath
A: ♣反  serenity, tranquility 平静，宁静
A: ♣反  delight, pleasure 愉悦

Q:furtive  ['fə:tiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 鬼鬼祟祟的；秘密的： done by stealth
A: ♣例  a furtive glance at her 朝她投去的隐秘一瞥
A: ♣近  secret, clandestine, covert, stealthy, surreptitious
A: ♣反  aboveboard 光明正大的；candid, forthright 坦率的
A: ♣派  furtively adv. 秘密地

Q:fury  ['fjuəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 暴怒： intense, disordered, and often destructive rage
A: ♣例  The gods unleashed their fury on the offending mortal. 诸神将怒火降在了对那些对神明不敬的凡人身上
A: ♣近  anger, indignation, ire, mad, rage, wrath
A: ♣反  forbearance 容忍；delight, pleasure 快乐，愉悦
A: ♣派  furious adj. 狂暴的，暴怒的

Q:fussy  ['fʌsi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谨慎的： taking, showing, or involving great care and effort
A: ♣例  a fussy actuarial problem 需要谨慎处理的保险计算问题
A: ♣近  careful, exact, meticulous, punctilious
A: ♣反  careless 粗心大意的
A: ♠考法2  adj.过分雕琢的： elaborately and often excessively decorated
A: ♣例  The room, with its rococo furniture and its overabundance of knickknacks, is just too fussy for my taste. 这房间里洛可可式的家具和过量的小饰品，让我觉得装修得有点过分以至于无法接受
A: ♣近  bedizened, florid
A: ♣反  austere, plain, stark 朴素的，朴实无华的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 挑剔的： hard to please
A: ♣例  It is widely known that cats are fussy eaters. 众所周知猫对食物很挑剔
A: ♣近  choosy, delicate, demanding, exacting, fastidious, nice, particular, persnickety, picky
A: ♣反  undemanding, unfussy 不挑剔的

Q:fusty  ['fʌsti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过时的： rigidly old-fashioned or reactionary
A: ♣例  fusty old carpets 过时的旧地毯
A: ♣近  antiquated, archaic, bygone, moldy, outdated
A: ♠考法2  adj. 腐臭的： saturated with dust and stale odors
A: ♣例  the fusty odor of a damp cellar 潮湿的地下室里的腐臭味道
A: ♣近  malodorous, fetid, musty, noisome, smelly, stale
A: ♣反  ambrosial, aromatic, fragrant, perfumed, redolent, savory, scented, sweet 有香味的，芳香的

Q:futile  ['fju:tail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无效的，无用的： serving no useful purpose; completely ineffective
A: ♣例  It would be an undoubtedly futile effort to persuade him. 想说服他毫无疑问是徒劳的
A: ♣近  abortive, bootless, fruitless, ineffective, useless, vain
A: ♣反  effectual, efficacious 有效的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不严肃的： lacking in seriousness or maturity
A: ♣例  the futile chatter of gossip columnists about the comings and goings of Hollywood celebrities 八卦的专栏作家们对于好莱坞名人来来往往的随意闲谈
A: ♣近  flighty, frivolous, frothy
A: ♣反  earnest, serious 严肃认真的
A: ♣派  futility n. 徒劳，无益

Q:gadfly  ['ɡædflai]
A: ♠考法1  n. 刺激物： one that acts as a provocative stimulus
A: ♣近  goad, impetus, impulse, incentive, irritant, spur, stimulus
A: ♣反  balm 安抚，慰藉
A: ♠考法2  n. 令人反感的人： a person who stimulates or annoys especially by persistent criticism
A: ♣例  a tactless gadfly during post-game interviews with the losing team 在赛后采访败北方时一个令人讨厌的不懂人情世故的人
A: ♣近  annoyer, bother, persecutor, teaser, pest

Q:gaffe  [ɡæf]
A: ♠考法1  n. （社交上）失礼，失态： a social or diplomatic blunder
A: ♣例  A gaffe is when a politician tells the truth. —— Michael Kinsley 所谓出丑，就是政治家说真话的时候（迈克?金斯利）
A: ♣近  impropriety, indecorum, indiscretion
A: ♣反  decency, decorum, propriety 举止得体
A: ♠考法2  n. 明显的错误，错误判断： a blatant mistake or misjudgment
A: ♣例  so-called debates, which were mainly about seeing which candidate made the most gaffes 所谓的辩论，其实主要就是看哪个选手犯了最多的错误
A: ♣近  blunder, lapse, misstep, oversight

Q:gainsay  [ɡein'sei]
A: ♠考法1  v. 否认： to declare false
A: ♣近  deny, contradict, contravene, naysay
A: ♣反  acknowledge, admit, avow, concede 承认；affirm 证实
A: ♠考法2  vt. 反对： to oppose, especially by contradiction
A: ♣例  No one dare to gainsay him. 没人敢反驳他
A: ♣近  disagree, refute, reject, repudiate
A: ♣反  concur 同意

Q:gall  [ɡɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt.（使）焦躁，激怒： irritate, vex
A: ♣例  The sarcastic applause from the audience galled her. 观众反讽的掌声激怒了她
A: ♣近  aggravate, exasperate, grate, inflame, provoke, pique, roil
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, calm, lull, pacify, placate 使平静，使平息
A: ♠考法2  n.深深的敌意： a deep-seated ill will
A: ♣例  Her kindly feelings turned to gall when she found out her nephew only wanted her money. 当她发现她的侄子只想要钱时，她之前友好的感情变成了憎恨与厌恶
A: ♣近  animosity, animus, antagonism, antipathy, hostility, rancor
A: ♣反  amity 友好
A: ♠考法3  n.大胆，无耻： shameless boldness
A: ♣例  I can't believe he had the gall to ask me how much I weigh. 我不敢相信他居然胆敢问我有多重
A: ♣近  audacity, brass, nerve, presumptuousness, temerity

Q:gallant  ['ɡælənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 英勇的： brave, spirited; nobly chivalrous and often self-sacrificing
A: ♣例  Gallant paratroopers jumped out of the plane without hesitation. 英勇的伞兵们毫不犹豫地跳出了飞机
A: ♣近  bold, courageous, dauntless, heroic, stouthearted, valorous
A: ♣反  craven, pusillanimous 胆小的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 高贵的，慷慨的： having, characterized by, or arising from a dignified and generous nature
A: ♣例  The members of that service club are known for their gallant service to the community. 那个服务社的成员因为他们对社区的慷慨贡献而为人所知
A: ♣近  chivalrous, elevated, loft, magnanimous, sublime
A: ♣反  base, debased, degenerate, ignoble 卑鄙的
A: ♣派  gallantly adv. 英勇地

Q:galvanize  ['ɡælvənaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （好似被用电击）刺激： to stimulate or excite as if by an electric shock
A: ♣例  an issue that would galvanize public opinion 激起大众评论的问题
A: ♣近  provoke, agitate, excite, intoxicate, motivate, stimulate, pump up
A: ♣反  allay, lull, pacify 使平静
A: ♣派  galvanizing adj. 刺激的

Q:gamble  ['ɡæmbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 赌博，孤注一掷： to bet on an uncertain outcome, as of a contest
A: ♣例  gambled on the train being late 赌火车晚点
A: ♣近  bet, adventure, chance, risk, stake, venture
A: ♠考法2  vi. 使受到威胁： to place in danger
A: ♣例  You don't want to gamble with your life, so buckle up. 你不会想拿命来开玩笑的，所以系好安全带
A: ♣近  compromise, hazard, imperil, jeopardize, threaten
A: ♣派  gambling n. 赌博

Q:gambol  ['ɡæmbəl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 欢跳，雀跃： to leap about playfully
A: ♣例  young lambs gamboling in the meadow 小羊羔在原野里欢快地跳跃
A: ♣近  frolic, caper, cavort
A: ♣反  plod, trudge 沉重缓慢地走

Q:gangly  ['ɡæŋɡli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 身材瘦长的： awkwardly tall or long-limbed
A: ♣例  The suspect is a gangly high school boy. 嫌犯是一个瘦高的中学生
A: ♣近  gangling, lanky, rangy, spindling, spindly
A: ♣反  stalwart 壮实的

Q:garble  ['ɡɑ:bl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 曲解，篡改，混淆（以至使无法理解）： to mix up or distort to such an extent as to make misleading or incomprehensible
A: ♣例  The summary totally garbles the results of the investigation. 这份摘要完全曲解了调查的结果
A: ♣近  misrepresent, belie, color, distort, falsify, twist, warp
A: ♣反  clarify, elucidate 阐明
A: ♠考法2  vt. 筛选，除杂： to remove usually visible impurities from
A: ♣例  Garbled spices are less likely to contaminate a recipe. 经过筛选的香料应该就不会影响食谱了
A: ♣近  clear, distill, filter, purify
A: ♣反  adulterate, contaminate 掺杂，污染

Q:gargantuan  [ɡɑ:'ɡæntjuən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 巨大的： tremendous in size, volume, or degree
A: ♣例  a gargantuan waterfall in the rainforest 热带雨林中的巨大瀑布
A: ♣近  huge, astronomical, colossal, elephantine, enormous, gigantic, immense, mammoth, monstrous, titanic
A: ♣反  infinitesimal, minuscule 微小的

Q:garish  ['ɡεəriʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过于鲜艳的，过于张扬的： marked by strident color or excessive ornamentation
A: ♣例  With garish makeup on, she looks exceedingly frivolous. 浓妆艳抹之下的她显得格外轻佻
A: ♣近  gaudy, blatant, brazen, flamboyant, glaring, ostentatious
A: ♣反  dim, gloomy, murky, somber 黯淡的；conservative, quiet 不张扬的

Q:garment  ['ɡɑ:mənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 衣服： an article of clothing
A: ♣例  pack all garments 给所有衣服打包
A: ♣近  apparel, attire, costume, dress, suit

Q:garrulous  ['ɡærjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 啰嗦的，话多得令人厌烦的： given to excessive and often trivial or rambling talk; tiresomely talkative
A: ♣例  garrulous traveling companions 多话的旅伴
A: ♣近  talkative, chatty, loquacious, verbose, voluble
A: ♣反  laconic, reserved, reticent, taciturn 缄默的
A: ♣派  garrulity n. 啰嗦

Q:gash  [ɡæʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 砍得很深的伤口： a long deep cut
A: ♣例  got a gash in his knee that required four stitches 膝盖伤得很深，需要缝针
A: ♣近  incision, laceration, rent, rip, tear
A: ♠考法2  v. 砍： to make a gash in
A: ♣例  Her face had been gashed by the rocks as she tumbled down the embankment. 当她从堤岸上摔下来时脸上被刮了一道口
A: ♣近  cut, incision, piercing, slash, slice, slit
A: ♣反  sew 缝合

Q:gasification  [,ɡæsifi'keiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 气化： conversion into gas
A: ♣例  gasification of coals 煤的气化
A: ♣近  evaporation, sublimation
A: ♣反  solidification 固化；liquefaction 液化
A: ♣派  gasify v. 气化

Q:gauche  [ɡəuʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 笨拙的，缺乏社交经验的： lacking social experience or grace
A: ♣例  It would be gauche to mention the subject. 提到这个话题是很无礼的
A: ♣近  awkward, clumsy, crude, inept, maladroit, rustic, tactless
A: ♣反  graceful 优雅的；polished, refined, urbane 有教养的
A: ♣派  gaucheness n. 笨拙

Q:gaudy  ['ɡɔ:di]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 俗丽的： ostentatiously or tastelessly ornamented, excessively showy
A: ♣例  gaudy movie posters 俗丽的电影海报
A: ♣近  blatant, brazen, flashy, garish, glaring, meretricious, tawdry
A: ♣反  austere, homely, plain 朴素的；conservative, understated, unflamboyant, unflashy 不张扬的

Q:gauge  [ɡeidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 测量标准： a measurement (as of linear dimension) according to some standard or system
A: ♣例  polls as a gauge of voter satisfaction 用以衡量选民满意度的选票结果
A: ♣近  standard, benchmark, criterion, measure, touchstone, yardstick
A: ♠考法2  vt. 判定： to determine the capacity or contents of
A: ♣例  It is hard to gauge his mood. 要判断他的情绪很困难
A: ♣近  assess, determine, evaluate, figure, measure, scale

Q:gawky  ['ɡɔ:ki]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （举止）笨拙的： having or showing an inability to move in a graceful manner
A: ♣例  The pathetic gawky woman was once a lithe ballerina but got severely injured in a car accident. 这个可怜的步态笨拙的妇女本来是一名轻巧优雅的芭蕾舞女，但是在一次车祸中受了重伤。
A: ♣近  awkward, clumsy, gawkish, graceless, uncoordinated, ungainly
A: ♣反  agile, graceful, lithe, nimble 灵巧的，敏捷的；elegant 优雅的
A: ♣派  gawkiness n. 笨拙

Q:gear  [ɡiə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 调整（以配合）： to adjust or adapt so as to make suitable
A: ♣例  geared the speech towards a conservative audience 调整演讲以适应保守的观众
A: ♣近  adapt, adjust, fit, suit, tailor

Q:genial  ['dʒi:njəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 和蔼亲切的： having an easygoing and pleasing manner especially in social situations
A: ♣例  a genial host who makes a point of speaking personally to each and every guest 一个强调与每个客人私下交流的亲切的主人
A: ♣近  affable, agreeable, gracious, mellow, nice, pleasant, sweet
A: ♣反  caustic, mordant 尖酸刻薄的；truculent 凶残的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 友好的，热心的： having or showing kindly feeling and sincere interest
A: ♣近  amicable, companionable, cordial, warmhearted
A: ♣反  antagonistic, hostile 有敌意的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 温暖的： marked by temperatures that are neither too high nor too low
A: ♣例  genial sunshine in winter 冬日的暖阳
A: ♣近  balmy, equable, gentle, mild, moderate, soft, temperate
A: ♣反  harsh, inclement, intemperate, severe 严峻的
A: ♣派  geniality n. 和蔼

Q:genteel  [dʒen'ti:l]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有教养的，不粗俗的： free from vulgarity or rudeness
A: ♣例  Her genteel behaviors at the ball make others conjecture that she must come from a distinguished noble family. 舞会上她极有教养的举止让他人纷纷猜测她一定来自名门望族
A: ♣近  courteous, decent, decorous, mannerly, polite, polished, respectable, urbane, couth, cultured, refined
A: ♣反  churlish 粗暴的；loutish 蠢笨的

Q:germane  [dʒə:'mein]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有关的，适当的： being at once relevant and appropriate
A: ♣例  details not germane to the discussion 与讨论无关的细节
A: ♣近  applicable, apropos, apposite, pertinent, relevant
A: ♣反  extraneous, irrelevant 无关的；inappropriate 不适当的

Q:germinate  ['dʒə:mineit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 发芽： to begin to grow
A: ♣例  Some seed varieties germinate very quickly. 有一些种子的变异体能够迅速发芽。
A: ♣近  burgeon, shoot, sprout
A: ♣反  fade, flag, wilt, wither 枯萎
A: ♠考法2  vi. 出现： to come into being
A: ♣例  A truly marvelous proof of this theorem germinated in his mind. 这个定理的一种绝妙证明方法浮现在他的脑海之中。
A: ♣近  develop, evolve, grow
A: ♣反  disappear, vanish 消逝，消失
A: ♣派  germination n. 萌芽

Q:gibe  [dʒaib]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 嘲弄： to deride or tease with taunting words
A: ♣例  gibe at the umpire 嘲弄裁判员
A: ♣近  deride, jeer, ridicule, mock, scoff, sneer, taunt
A: ♣反  respect, revere, venerate 尊敬

Q:giddy  ['ɡidi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻浮不严肃的： lacking in seriousness or maturity
A: ♣例  teach a bunch of giddy Girl Scouts how to make a fire 教一群漫不经心的女童子军如何生火
A: ♣近  flighty, frivolous, frothy
A: ♣反  grave, serious 严肃的；earnest 认真的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 喜悦的： joyfully elated
A: ♣例  He's clearly giddy at the news that his ailing grandfather will be fine. 听到他祖父的病将无大恙，他的喜悦之情溢于言表
A: ♣近  elated, elevated, euphoric, exhilarated, exultant, intoxicated, rapturous
A: ♣反  depressed, melancholy 忧郁的

Q:gild  [gild]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （带欺骗性地）修改，润色： to give an often deceptively attractive or improved appearance to
A: ♣例  Any further retouch would be gilding the lily. 任何形式的润色都会是画蛇添足
A: ♣近  polish, refine, smooth

Q:gist  [dʒist]
A: ♠考法1  n. 要点： the main point or part
A: ♣例  the gist of the argument 论证的要点
A: ♣近  core, essence, kernel, pivot, quintessence, substance
A: ♣反  divergence 偏离主旨

Q:glacial  ['ɡleisjəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极冷的：extremely cold
A: ♣例  The air from the sea felt glacial. 海上的空气冷极了。
A: ♣近  algid, arctic, bitter, chilling, coldish, cool, freezing, frigid, frosty, gelid, icy, nippy, numbing, polar, snappy
A: ♣反  ardent, blazing, burning, fervent, fervid, molten, roasting, scalding, scorching, searing, sultry, sweltering, torrid 炎热的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 冷漠的，无感情的： devoid of warmth and cordiality
A: ♣例  The Duchess gave him a glacial look and moved on. 公爵夫人冷冷地看了他一眼，然后就继续上路了。
A: ♣近  antiseptic, apathetic, brittle, chilly, cold-blooded, frozen, indifferent, unfriendly, unsympathetic, wintry
A: ♣反  cordial, friendly, genial, hearty, sympathetic, warm, warm-blooded, warmhearted 友善的，热心的

Q:gladiator  ['ɡlædieitə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 角斗士： a person engaged in a fight to the death as public entertainment for ancient Romans
A: ♣例  He comes to Rome as a gladiator to seek revenge. 他化成角斗士来到罗马寻求复仇
A: ♣近  fighter, belligerent, combatant
A: ♠考法2  n. 参与打斗或辩论的人： a person engaging in a public fight or controversy
A: ♣近  boxer

Q:glaze  [ɡleiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 给…上釉，妆点： to coat with or as if with a glaze
A: ♣例  The storm glazed trees with ice. 暴风雨给树木镀上了一层冰装
A: ♣近  adorn, bedeck, decorate, embellish, garnish
A: ♣反  strip, uncover 剥去
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使平滑： to give a smooth glossy surface to
A: ♣近  polish, burnish, furbish, shine
A: ♣反  rumple 弄皱

Q:glib  [ɡlib]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 流利圆滑的（常含有不真诚或欺诈的成分），油腔滑调的： marked by ease and fluency in speaking or writing often to the point of being insincere or deceitful
A: ♣例  a glib politician 油嘴滑舌的政客
A: ♣近  nonchalant, oily
A: ♣反  taciturn 沉默寡言的；awkward 笨拙的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 缺乏深度的，肤浅的： lacking depth and substance
A: ♣例  glib solutions to the knotty problem 对复杂难解问题的肤浅的解决方案
A: ♣近  cursory, shallow, superficial
A: ♣反  abstruse, deep, profound 深奥的，深刻的

Q:glide  [ɡlaid]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 轻松地行动，轻松地通过： to move or proceedsmoothly, continuously, and effortlessly
A: ♣例  swans gliding over the lake 在湖面悠然划水的天鹅‖looking for a college course that he could just glide through 正在寻找一门很容易就能通过的课程
A: ♣近  bowl, breeze, brush, coast, cruise, drift, roll, sail, skim, slide, slip, stream, sweep, whisk
A: ♣反  flounder, struggle 挣扎

Q:glisten  ['ɡlisən]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 闪光： to shine by reflection with a sparkling luster
A: ♣例  The calm sea glistened in the sunlight. 日光下平静的海面波光粼粼
A: ♣近  flash, scintillate, sparkle, twinkle, winkle
A: ♣反  dim 变得黯淡

Q:glitch  [ɡlitʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n.小故障： a minor malfunction, mishap, or technical problem
A: ♣例  postponement due to a glitch in a spacecraft's fuel cell 宇宙飞船燃料电池故障引起的推迟发射
A: ♣近  bug, defect, fault, lapse, imperfection, peccadillo
A: ♣反  fatal error 致命错误

Q:gloat  [ɡləut]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 自鸣得意： a feeling of great, often malicious, pleasure or self-satisfaction
A: ♣例  gloat over his enemy's misfortune 为敌人的不幸而自鸣得意
A: ♣近  crow, relish, triumph
A: ♣反  mourn 哀悼

Q:gloomy  ['ɡlu:mi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 黯淡无光的： being without light or without much light
A: ♣近  black, dark, dim, dimmed, murky, obscure, stygian, pitch-dark
A: ♣反  bright, luminous, lucent, lucid 明亮的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 忧郁的： low in spirits
A: ♣例  feel gloomy about future career 就未来的职业生涯倍感忧心
A: ♣近  sullen, dejected, dour, melancholy, morose, saturnine, surly
A: ♣反  frothy 欢乐轻挑的；buoyant, cheerful, jubilant 高兴的

Q:gloss  [ɡlɔs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 简短解释： a brief explanation of a difficult or obscure word or expression
A: ♣近  abstract, annotation, brief, epitome, synopsis
A: ♣反  amplification 详解
A: ♠考法2  n. （欺骗性的）光鲜外表： a deceptively attractive external appearance
A: ♣例  used a computer to give her astrological predictions the gloss of real science 用计算机来给他的占星预测结果套上科学的外衣
A: ♣近  fa?ade, mask, veneer
A: ♠考法3  v. 敷衍潦草做事（甚至忽略）： to deal with (a subject or problem) too lightly or not at all
A: ♣例  gloss over the problems 不怎么理会这些问题
A: ♣近  disregard, ignore, neglect, overlook
A: ♣反  scrutinize 仔细研究
A: ♠考法4  v. 开脱（罪名）： to make (something) seem less bad by offering excuses
A: ♣例  I don't want to gloss over her misbehavior, but keep in mind that she's been under a lot of stress lately. 我不想为她的行为辩护，但是别忘了她最近压力很大
A: ♣近  excuse, extenuate
A: ♣派  glossary n. 术语表

Q:glossy  ['ɡlɔsi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平滑的，有光泽的： having a smooth, shiny, lustrous surface
A: ♣例  glossy surface of the floor 平整光亮的地板
A: ♣近  lustrous, burnished, glistening, polished, shining
A: ♣反  coarse 粗糙的；dull, dim 无光泽的

Q:glower  [ɡləuə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 怒目而视： to look or stare with sullen annoyance or anger
A: ♣例  Baseball fans glowering at their TVs as they watched their favorite team lose. 看着他们支持的球队输球，棒球迷们恶狠狠地盯着电视屏幕。‖He just glowered without speaking. 他一言不发地怒视着我。
A: ♣近  glare, gloom, lower, scowl
A: ♣反  beam, grin, smile 笑

Q:glut  [ɡlʌt]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使过量，使充满： to fill beyond capacity, especially with food
A: ♣例  glut himself with Sushi 吃寿司吃撑了
A: ♣近  cloy, cram, fill, satiate, surfeit, oversupply, sate
A: ♣反  lack 缺乏
A: ♣派  glutted adj. 饱和的

Q:glutinous  ['ɡlu:tinəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 胶状的，粘的：of the nature of or resembling glue
A: ♣例  glutinous liquid 胶状液体
A: ♣近  adherent, adhesive, cloggy, gluey, sticky, tenacious, viscid
A: ♣反  fluid 流体的

Q:glutton  ['ɡlʌtən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 贪吃者： a person who eats or consumes immoderate amounts of food and drink
A: ♣例  a glutton for work 工作狂
A: ♣近  gorger, gourmand
A: ♣派  gluttony n. 暴饮暴食

Q:goad  [ɡəud]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 刺激驱使，激发： to incite or rouse as if with a goad
A: ♣例  goad someone to do something 激励某人做某事
A: ♣近  urge, abet, exhort, instigate, prod, prompt, propel, spur, stimulate
A: ♣反  check, curb 阻止；lull 使安静

Q:gobble  ['ɡɔbl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 狼吞虎咽： to swallow or eat greedily
A: ♣例  Lions gobble their prey. 狮子狼吞虎咽地啃食它们的猎物
A: ♣近  devour, gorge, guzzle, quaff, raven, swill
A: ♣反  nibble 小口咬

Q:goggle  ['ɡɔɡl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 凝视： to look long and hard in wonder or surprise
A: ♣例  goggled at the characters on the stele 凝视碑文的字眼
A: ♣近  blink, gawk, gaze, peer, stare
A: ♣反  glance, glimpse 瞥视

Q:goldbrick  ['ɡəuldbrik]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 逃避工作和责任： to shirk one's assigned duties or responsibilities
A: ♣例  goldbrick his duty as a citizen 逃避他作为公民的义务
A: ♣近  idle, parry, parry, shirk, sidestep
A: ♣反  dedicate, devote 致力于

Q:gorge  [ɡɔ:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 峡谷： a narrow steep-walled canyon or part of a canyon
A: ♣例  Wenchuan earthquake is said to have no detrimental effect on Three-Gorge dam. 汶川地震据称对三峡大坝没有破坏性影响
A: ♣近  gap, gulch, notch, ravine
A: ♠考法2  vi. 狼吞虎咽： to eat greedily or to repletion
A: ♣例  gorge himself at the party 在聚会上狼吞虎咽
A: ♣近  cram, devour, gobble, guzzle, loaf, quaff, sate, swill
A: ♣反  nibble 小口咬
A: ♣派  gorgeous adj. 壮观的

Q:gossamer  ['ɡɔsəmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 虚无飘渺的东西： something light, delicate, or insubstantial
A: ♣例  the gossamer of youth's dreams 年少时飘渺的梦想
A: ♣近  ether, delicacy
A: ♣反  substance, entity 实体
A: ♠考法2  adj. 轻薄的： extremely light, delicate, or tenuous
A: ♣例  a gossamer explanation 站不住脚的解释
A: ♣近  diaphanous ,ethereal, filmy, light, insubstantial, tenuous
A: ♣反  heavy, leaden, ponderous 沉重的

Q:gourmand  ['ɡuəmənd]
A: ♠考法1  n. 嗜食者，大胃王： one who is excessively fond of eating and drinking
A: ♣例  the kind of gourmand who swallows food without even pausing to taste it 不尝味道就下咽的那种嗜食者
A: ♣近  gorger, glutton

Q:gourmet  ['ɡuəmei]
A: ♠考法1  n. 美食家： a connoisseur of food and drink
A: ♣例  a gourmet of Chinese food 中餐美食家
A: ♣近  bon vivant ,connoisseur, epicure
A: ♣反  layman 门外汉

Q:graft  [ɡrɑ:ft;]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 移植，移接： to implant (living tissue) surgically or as if surgically
A: ♣例  The top layer of skin has to be grafted onto the burns. 顶层的皮肤需要被移植到烧伤的伤口上。‖graft old traditions onto the new ones 把老传统移植到新的习俗之上
A: ♣近  implant, transplant

Q:grandeur  ['ɡrændʒə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 高尚，重要： nobility or greatness of character
A: ♣例  the glory that was Greece and the grandeur that was Rome 希腊的荣耀和罗马的辉煌
A: ♣近  magnificence, augustness, brilliance, glory, majesty, nobility, resplendence, splendor
A: ♣反  frivolousness 无关紧要
A: ♣派  grand adj. 宏伟壮观的

Q:grandiloquent  [ɡræn'diləkwənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （语言等）浮夸的： a lofty, extravagantly colorful, pompous, or bombastic style, manner, or quality especially in language
A: ♣例  feel disgusted with his grandiloquent speech 对他浮夸的演讲表示厌恶
A: ♣近  rhetorical, bombastic, inflated, magniloquent, pretentious
A: ♣反  secretive 低调的，隐秘的；simple 简单的
A: ♣派  grandiloquence n. 夸张的话语

Q:grandiose  ['ɡrændiəus]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 自命不凡的： characterized by feigned or affected grandeur
A: ♣例  grandiose words 自命不凡的话语
A: ♣近  extravagant, flamboyant, pompous, pretentious
A: ♣反  humble 谦逊的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 宏大的： characterized by greatness of scope or intent
A: ♣例  a grandiose hydroelectric project 宏伟的水利工程
A: ♣近  august, glorious, grand, imposing, magnificent, monumental, splendid
A: ♣反  trivial 微不足道的；humble, unimposing, unimpressive 平凡的
A: ♣派  grandiosity n. 自命不凡

Q:grandstand  ['ɡrændstænd]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 为了给人留下印象而表演，哗众取宠： to play or act so as to impress onlookers
A: ♣例  to grandstand on the stage 在舞台上哗众取宠
A: ♣近  act, perform, pretend

Q:grate  [ɡreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 刮擦（以发出刺耳的声音）： to make a rasping sound
A: ♣例  The sled grated along the bare pavement. 雪橇与裸露的路面刮擦发出刺耳声
A: ♣近  abrade, rasp, scratch, scrape
A: ♠考法2  vt. 骚扰，惹恼：to irritate or annoy persistently
A: ♣例  a noise that grates on one's nerves 使人烦躁的噪音
A: ♣近  irritate, aggravate, gall, nettle, peeve, plague, provoke, vex
A: ♣反  soothe 使平静，安抚
A: ♣派  grating adj. 刺耳的

Q:gratify  ['ɡrætifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使满足： to give what is desired to, to please or satisfy
A: ♣例  gratify her curiosity 满足她的好奇心‖Her praise will gratify all who worked so hard to earn it. 他的表扬会使所有辛勤工作的人们高兴
A: ♣近  appease, cater, content, satisfy
A: ♣反  displease 使不满；grieve 使悲痛
A: ♣派  gratification n. 满意

Q:gratuitous  [ɡrə'tju:itəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无根据的，无理由的： unnecessary or unwarranted
A: ♣例  a dubious request based on a gratuitous assumption 基于无根据假设的可疑要求
A: ♣近  unfounded, unjustified, unreasonable, baseless, groundless
A: ♣反  justified, warranted 有理有据的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无报酬的，免费的： given or granted without return or recompense
A: ♣例  a gratuitous ticket 免费的门票
A: ♣近  free, complimentary, unearned, voluntary
A: ♣反  merited 应得的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 多余的： not needed by the circumstances or to accomplish an end
A: ♣近  dispensable, inessential, needless, redundant, superfluous, surplus
A: ♣反  critical, essential, pivotal, vital 关键的
A: ♣派  gratuity n.报酬，小费

Q:green  [ɡri:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无经验的： deficient in training, knowledge, or experience
A: ♣例  lead a squad of green recruits 带领一队没有经验的新兵
A: ♣近  inexperienced, callow, fresh, raw, unfledged, young
A: ♣反  experienced, versed 经验丰富的

Q:gregarious  [ɡri'ɡεəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 爱社交的：likely to seek or enjoy the company of others
A: ♣近  convivial, extroverted, genial, outgoing, sociable, outgoing
A: ♣反  aloof 疏远的；antisocial 不合群的；introverted, reclusive 内向的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 群居的： tending to group with others of the same kind
A: ♣例  ecologically define human as gregarious carnivore 从生态学上将人类定义为群居类肉食动物
A: ♣近  social
A: ♣反  solitary 独自的

Q:grieve  [ɡri:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 感到悲伤： to feel deep sadness or mental pain
A: ♣例  we all grieved over the lost cat 看到他这副样子真让我痛苦
A: ♣近  agonize, anguish, suffer，bemoan, bewail, deplore
A: ♣反  delight, exult in, glory in, joy, rejoice in

Q:grimace  [ɡri'meis]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 因痛苦而面部扭曲： a sharp contortion of the face expressive of pain, disgust or disapproval
A: ♣例  she made a grimace when she tasted the medicine 她尝了一口药，然后做了一个鬼脸
A: ♣近  frown, moue, pout, scowl

Q:grin  [ɡrin]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 咧嘴笑： to express an emotion (as amusement) by curving the lips upward
A: ♣例  The boss grinned his approval. 老板咧嘴一笑表示赞许。
A: ♣近  beam
A: ♣反  pout 噘嘴生气

Q:gripe  [ɡraip]
A: ♠考法1  v. 抱怨： to express dissatisfaction, pain, or resentment usually tiresomely
A: ♣例  All workers were griping about the new regulations. 所有的工人都在抱怨新规章。
A: ♣近  carp, fuss, grouch, grouse, grumble, wail
A: ♣反  crow, delight, rejoice 欢快，喜悦
A: ♠考法2  v. 通过连续让人讨厌的举动激怒，惹怒： to disturb the peace of mind of (someone) especially by repeated disagreeable acts
A: ♣例  constant complaints from the customers griped her to the point where she started snapping back 顾客持续的抱怨让她也到了爆点
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, bother, chafe, exasperate, nettle, peeve, pique, rile, ruffle, vex

Q:grisly  ['ɡrizli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人反感的，令人恐惧的： inspiring repugnance; gruesome
A: ♣例  a series grisly murders 一系列令人恐惧的谋杀
A: ♣近  appalling, dreadful, ghastly, gruesome, hideous, horrifying, macabre

Q:grit  [ɡrit]
A: ♠考法1  n. （面对困难时所表现出来的）毅力： the strength of mind that enables a person to endure pain or hardship
A: ♣例  She was an athlete with true grit, continuing her training despite bad weather and an injury. 她是真正一个有着惊人毅力的运动员，即便是在受了伤外加天气恶劣的情况下仍然坚持训练。
A: ♣近  backbone, constancy, fiber, grittiness, guts, intestinal fortitude, pluck, spunk
A: ♣反  cowardliness, cravenness, gutlessness, pusillanimity, spinelessness 懦弱

Q:groggy  ['ɡrɔɡi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚弱的，（走路）不稳的： weak and unsteady on the feet or in action
A: ♣例  She was feeling a bit groggy when I saw her. 当我看到她的时候她显得有些走路不稳。
A: ♣近  rickety, rocky,shaky, unbalanced, unsound, unstable, unsteady, wobbly
A: ♣反  balanced, stable, steady, sound 平衡的，稳定的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无法思考的，头脑不清的： not able to think or move normally because of being tired, sick, etc.
A: ♣例  I'm still a little groggy from my nap. 我还没完全从睡梦中清醒过来。‖The medicine sometimes makes patients groggy. 这种药偶尔会让病人产生醉酒一样的麻醉感。
A: ♣近  dazed, dopey, muddleheaded, muzzy, punch-drunk, punchy, stupefied, zonked, zonked-out
A: ♣反  clearheaded, unconfused 头脑清楚的

Q:groove  [ɡru:v]
A: ♠考法1  v. 享受，极其满意，过得快活： to take pleasure in
A: ♣例  thrill-seekers who groove on skiing will love snowboarding 那些乐在滑雪中的追求刺激的人们也会喜欢滑雪板的 || just sitting around, grooving on the music 随便坐坐，在音乐中享受一下
A: ♣近  adore, fancy, savor, relish, get off on, rejoice in, revel in, delight in

Q:grotesque  [ɡrəu'tesk]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难看的： unpleasant to look at
A: ♣例  that bloody Halloween mask is grotesque 那个血腥的万圣节面具丑死了
A: ♣近  hideous, homely, ill-favored, monstrous, unappealing, unattractive, uncomely, unsightly
A: ♣反  aesthetic, attractive, beautiful, bonny, comely, fetching, gorgeous, knockout, ravishing, seemly, sightly, stunning, taking, well-favored 悦目的，吸引人的

Q:grovel  ['ɡrɔvəl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 卑躬屈膝： to draw back or crouch down in fearful submission
A: ♣例  He made a groveling apology to the girl. 他放下身段，给那姑娘道歉。
A: ♣近  cringe, creep, slither, wriggle
A: ♣派  groveler n. 卑躬屈膝者：the one who lies with the body prostrate in token of subservience or abasement

Q:grudge  [ɡrʌdʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 怨恨，仇恨： a feeling of deep-seated resentment or ill will
A: ♣例  There has been a grudge between the two families for years. 两家之间积怨已深。‖He has had a deep grudge against her ever since she snubbed him at the dance. 自从她在舞会上对他不理不睬之后，他就对她怀有深深的怨念。
A: ♣近  animosity, animus, antagonism, antipathy, bitterness, gall, hostility, jaundice, malice, rancor, resentment
A: ♣反  amity 和睦，友好

Q:grueling  ['ɡruəliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 费时间花心思的： requiring much time, effort, or careful attention
A: ♣例  cutting diamonds can be grueling work 切割钻石是项劳神的活儿
A: ♣近  arduous, burdensome, laborious, onerous, taxing, toilsome
A: ♣反  effortless, light, unchallenging, undemanding, undemanding, facile 不费力气的

Q:grumble  ['ɡrʌmbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （尤指低声地）抱怨，埋怨： to complain in a surly manner; mutter discontentedly
A: ♣例  The governed will always find something to grumble about. (Crane Brinton) 被统治者总能找到发牢骚的理由。——瑞恩?布林顿
A: ♣近  carp, croak, fuss, gripe, grouch, grouse, grump, moan, murmur, mutter, repine
A: ♣反  crow, delight, rejoice 感到高兴

Q:guile  [ɡail]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狡猾，狡诈： the inclination or practice of misleading others through lies or trickery
A: ♣例  a person so full of guile he can't even be trusted to give you the correct time of day 他这个人狡诈成性，说的话都不足为信
A: ♣近  artfulness, canniness, craft, cunningness, deviousness, slyness, subtleness, wiliness
A: ♣反  artlessness, forthrightness, ingenuousness, sincerity 朴实
A: ♣派  guileless adj. 朴实的：free of guile; artless
A: ♣反  manipulative 操纵的

Q:guilt  [ɡilt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 自责，悔恨： a feeling of responsibility for wrongdoing
A: ♣例  he was wracked with guilt after he accidentally broke his sister's antique grandfather clock
A: ♣近  contrition, penitence, remorse, repentance, self-reproach, shame
A: ♣反  impenitence, remorselessness 无罪

Q:gull  [ɡʌl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 欺骗： to cause to believe what is untrue
A: ♣例  we were gulled into believing that if we answered the e-mail, we'd somehow become millionaires, but instead we just got put on a list for junk mail 我们误以为只要回复了那封邮件，就能变身百万富翁，后来发现我们只不过是群发的垃圾邮件名单上的一员而已
A: ♣近  bamboozle, beguile, cozen, delude, dupe, fake out, gaff, hoax, hoodwink, snooker, string along, take in
A: ♣反  undeceive 使醒悟

Q:gullible  ['ɡʌləbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易受骗的，易被利用的： easily duped or cheated, readily taken advantage of
A: ♣例  They sell overpriced souvenirs to gullible tourists. 他们卖高价纪念品给易上当的旅客们。
A: ♣近  dewy-eyed, exploitable, naive, susceptible, unwary, wide-eyed

Q:gush  [ɡʌʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 大量涌出： to flow forth suddenly in great volume
A: ♣例  water gushing from the hydrant 水从消防栓中喷出
A: ♣近  exodus, outpour, outpouring, spout
A: ♣反  dribble, drip, drop, trickle 涓涓细流，滴
A: ♠考法2  vi. 感情强烈外溢： to make an exaggerated display of affection or enthusiasm
A: ♣例  an aunt gushing over the baby 对着婴儿母爱泛滥的姑姑
A: ♣近  drool, effuse, enthuse, fuss, rave, slobber

Q:gust  [ɡʌst]
A: ♠考法1  n. 情感爆发： a sudden intense expression of strong feeling
A: ♣例  the stressed-out coworker cried out with a gust of emotion 压力巨大的同事开始嚎啕大哭
A: ♣近  burst, ebullition, eruption, explosion, flush, gush

Q:guzzle  ['ɡʌzl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 狂饮： to drink especially liquor greedily, continually, or habitually
A: ♣例  guzzle beer 狂饮啤酒
A: ♣近  gulp, quaff, swig, booze, soak, tipple

Q:hack  [hæk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 雇佣文人： a writer who aims solely for commercial success
A: ♠考法2  vt. 乱砍： to cut or chop with repeated and irregular blows
A: ♣例  hacking out new election districts 划分新的选区
A: ♠考法3  vt. 成功完成： to deal with (something) usually skillfully or efficiently
A: ♣例  just couldn't hack the new job 无法搞定新工作
A: ♣近  address, contend with, cope with, manage, maneuver, manipulate
A: ♠考法4  v. 忍受： to put up with (something painful or difficult)
A: ♣例  she's not sure she can hack that miserable job much longer 她不知道还能忍受那项苦逼的工作多久
A: ♣近  abide, bide, brook, countenance, endure, handle, stand, stomach, sustain, tolerate

Q:hackneyed  ['hæknid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 陈腐的，缺乏创新的： lacking in freshness or originality
A: ♣例  hackneyed slogans 老掉牙的口号
A: ♣近  banal, cliché, commonplace, hack, threadbare, trite, well-worn, stereotyped
A: ♣反  fresh, offbeat, original, novel 新鲜的

Q:halcyon  ['hælsiən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宁静的，平静的： free from storms or physical disturbance
A: ♣近  hushed, peaceful, placid, serene, tranquil, untroubled
A: ♣反  tempestuous, stormy, agitated, inclement, restless, rough, turbulent, unquiet, unsettled 暴风雨的，暴躁的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 繁荣的，丰富的： prosperous, affluent, vigorous growth and well-being especially economically
A: ♣例  halcyon years 丰年
A: ♣近  booming, flourishing, lush, palmy, prospering, roaring, thriving
A: ♣反  miserable, depressed, unprosperous 萧条的，少得可怜的

Q:hale  [heil]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 强壮的，健壮的： free from infirmity or illness; sound
A: ♣例  a hale and hearty old lady 硬朗矍铄的老奶奶
A: ♣近  bouncing, fit, robust, sound, well-conditioned, wholesome
A: ♣反  effete, infirm, anemic, wan, decrepit, blighted 衰弱的，衰老的
A: ♠考法2  v. 拖，拉： to cause to follow by applying steady force on
A: ♣例  the fishermen haled the huge net onto the deck of the ship 渔民们将巨大的渔网拖到渔船甲板上
A: ♣近  drag, draw, haul, lug, tow, tug
A: ♣反  drive, propel, push 推

Q:half-baked  ['hɑ:fbeikt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不明智的： showing or marked by a lack of good sense or judgment
A: ♣例  a half-baked scheme 不明智的计划
A: ♣近  daffy, daft, dippy, harebrained, half-witted, preposterous
A: ♣反  judicious, prudent, sagacious, sapient, sensible, sound, wise明智的

Q:halfhearted  ['hɑ:f,hɑ:tid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不感兴趣的，不热情的： lacking heart, spirit, or interest
A: ♣例  a halfhearted attempt to clean the house before the arrival of the in-laws 在亲家到来前草草地收拾房间了事
A: ♣近  lukewarm, tepid, uneager, unenthusiastic
A: ♣反  eager, enthusiastic, keen, passionate, warm 充满热情的；hearty, wholehearted 全心投入的

Q:hallmark  ['hɔ:lmɑ:k]
A: ♠考法1  n. 典型的特征： a conspicuous feature or characteristic
A: ♣例  the dramatic flourishes are the hallmark of the trial lawyer 一头夸张的假发是辩护律师的标志装扮
A: ♣近  ensign, impresa, logo, symbol, totem, trademark
A: ♣反  uncharacteristic feature 不典型的特征

Q:hallow  ['hæləu]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 尊敬，把……视为神圣： to respect or honor greatly; revere
A: ♣近  consecrate, sacralize, sanctify
A: ♣反  desecrate, deconsecrate, desacralize, desanctify 亵渎

Q:hallucination  [hə,lu:si'neiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 错觉： a false idea or belief
A: ♣例  the common hallucination that gluttony during the holiday season doesn't have consequences
A: ♣近  chimera, daydream, delusion, fancy, figment, illusion
A: ♣反  truth, verity

Q:ham-handed  ['hæm'hændid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 笨手笨脚的： lacking dexterity or grace
A: ♣例  too ham-handed to use one of those tiny cell phones 手指太不灵活了，用不了那种迷你型手机
A: ♣近  awkward, handless, heavy-handed, maladroit, unhandy
A: ♣反  deft, dexterous, handy, sure-handed, adroit 敏捷的

Q:hammer  ['hæmə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 屡次重申： to make repeated efforts especially :to reiterate an opinion or attitude.
A: ♣例  the lectures all hammered away at the same points 整场讲座都是在阐述相同论点 || hammered the information into the students' heads把这条信息反复向学生们强调

Q:hamper  ['hæmpə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 阻碍： to restrict the movement of by bonds or obstacles: impede
A: ♣例  Construction is hampering traffic on the highway. 高速路上的建设阻碍了正常交通。
A: ♣近  cramp, encumber, fetter, handicap, hinder, impede, stymie, trammel
A: ♣反  facilitate, aid, assist, facilitate, help 促进

Q:hamstring  ['hæmstriŋ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使无效，使无力： to make ineffective or powerless
A: ♣例  the downtown development committee claims that it's hamstrung by city ordinances 城镇发展委员会声称它受到了城市法令的阻碍
A: ♣近  cripple, immobilize, incapacitate, prostrate

Q:hangdog  ['hæŋdɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 伤心的，沮丧的： sad, dejected
A: ♣例  She came home with a hangdog expression on her face. 她一脸沮丧地回到了家。
A: ♣近  crestfallen, dejected, despondent, disconsolate, doleful, melancholy, sorrowful
A: ♣反  buoyant, elated, sprightly, blissful, delighted, joyous, jubilant, upbeat 热情高涨的

Q:hanker  ['hæŋkə]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 向往，渴望： to have a strong or persistent desire: yearn
A: ♣例  hankering for adventure 渴望冒险
A: ♣近  appetite, craving, hunger, itch, longing, lust, passion, thirst, yearning
A: ♣反  odium, lack of desire 讨厌

Q:haphazard  [,hæp'hæzəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无秩序的，无目标的： marked by lack of plan, order, or direction
A: ♣例  We were given a haphazard tour of the city. 我们进行了一次城市漫游。
A: ♣近  aimless, arbitrary, desultory, erratic, scattered, stray
A: ♣反  methodical, systematic, nonrandom, orderly, organized, regular 系统的

Q:harangue  [hə'ræŋ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 发表长篇大论： a long pompous speech, especially one delivered before a gathering
A: ♣例  She harangued us for hours about the evils of popular culture. 她向我们絮叨了好几小时，批判流行文化的堕落。
A: ♣近  diatribe, harangue, jeremiad, philippic, rant
A: ♣反  speak temperately 有节制地说话

Q:harass  ['hærəs]
A: ♠考法1  v．烦扰： to irritate or torment persistently
A: ♣例  The troops harrassed the defeated army throughout its retreat. 战胜的队伍在撤退过程中还不忘突袭一下败北的队伍。
A: ♠考法2  v. 耗尽体力： to use up all the physical energy of
A: ♣例  had been visibly harassed by the demands of the presidency 总统被事务缠身，筋疲力尽
A: ♣近  drain, fag, fatigue, outwear, tire, tucker out, wear out, knock out, burn out,

Q:harbinger  ['hɑ:bindʒə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 预言者： one that presages or foreshadows what is to come
A: ♣例  The October air stung my cheeks, a harbinger of winter. 十月的寒风凛冽地吹在脸上，这是冬天的预兆。
A: ♣近  foregoer, herald, outrider, precursor

Q:harbor  ['hɑ:bə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 提供住处，隐匿： to provide a place, home, or habitat for
A: ♣例  harbor a fugitive 隐匿逃亡者
A: ♣近  accommodate, bestow, board, camp, chamber, domicile, lodge, quarter, take in, put up
A: ♣反  evict 赶出
A: ♠考法2  v. 认为，牢记： to keep in one's mind or heart
A: ♣例  he had long harbored a grudge against his old employer, who had fired him without cause 他对他的前老板一直耿耿于怀，无缘无故炒了他
A: ♣近  bear, cherish, entertain, hold, nurse

Q:hard-bitten  ['hɑ:d'bitən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顽强的，经受的住困境、压力的： able to withstand hardship, strain, or exposure
A: ♣例  hard-bitten Chinese people could endure both the scorching heat and the freezing cold 坚强勇敢的中国人民既能受得住酷暑，又能受得住严寒
A: ♣近  hardened, sturdy, tough, cast-iron, inured, rugged, stout, vigorous, hardy
A: ♣反  delicate, nonhardy, soft, tender, weak 柔弱的

Q:hardy  ['hɑ:di]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顽强的： able to withstand hardship, strain, or exposure
A: ♣例  chrysanthemums are hardy enough to survive a light frost 菊花能够经受霜打
A: ♣近  hardened, sturdy, tough, cast-iron, inured, rugged, stout, vigorous, hard-bitten
A: ♣反  delicate, nonhardy, soft, tender, weak 柔弱的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 愿意冒风险的： inclined or willing to take risks
A: ♣例  hardy souls who pioneered new paths into outer space 那些愿意冒险探索外太空的先驱们
A: ♣近  adventurous, audacious, daring, dashing, emboldened, enterprising, gutsy, venturous
A: ♣反  unadventurous, unenterprising 没有冒险精神的

Q:harmonious  [hɑ:'məunjəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 和谐一致的： having the parts agreeably related
A: ♣例  a harmonious arrangement of archways and doorways in the palace courtyard 宫殿的庭院，拱门和门廊排列有序协调
A: ♣近  balanced, congruous, consonant, eurythmic, harmonic, accordant, coherent, compatible, concordant, conformable, congruent, consonant, correspondent, nonconflicting
A: ♣反  disharmonic, disharmonious, incongruous, unbalanced 不协调的；conflicting, incompatible, incongruous, inconsistent 冲突的

Q:harness  ['hɑ:nis]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 利用： utilize
A: ♣例  harness the sun's rays as a source of energy 利用阳光作为一种能源
A: ♣近  apply, employ, exercise, exploit, operate, utilize
A: ♣反  fail to utilize 没能够利用

Q:harrow  ['hærəu]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 折磨，使苦恼： to inflict great distress or torment on
A: ♣例  the villagers were gaunt and sickly, harrowed by years of disease and starvation 村民们枯瘦如柴，体弱多病，都是被多年的疾病和饥饿折磨的
A: ♣近  agonize, beset, besiege, torment, torture, excruciate, plague
A: ♣反  assuage 减轻苦恼

Q:harry  ['hæri]
A: ♠考法1  v. 不断烦扰，骚扰： to disturb or distress by or as if by repeated attacks; harass
A: ♣反  comfort, mollify 安慰

Q:harsh  [hɑ:ʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗糙的，不具有美感的： unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch, disagreeable to one's aesthetic or artistic sense
A: ♣例  the harsh lighting in the cafeteria makes the food look slightly off-color 咖啡厅劣质刺眼的灯光让食物看起来卖相不佳
A: ♣近  grating, grotesque, jarring, unaesthetic
A: ♣反  soft, aesthetic 柔和的，有美感的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 严厉的： unduly exacting, given to exacting standards of discipline and self-restraint
A: ♣例  a harsh judge when it comes to drug users and especially drug dealers 对于瘾君子特别是毒贩处罚格外严厉的法官
A: ♣近  afflicting, agonizing, cruel, excruciating, galling, grievous, harrowing
A: ♣反  clement, forbearing, gentle, indulgent, lax, lenient, tolerant 温和的，宽松的

Q:hasten  ['heisən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 促进： to speed up; accelerate
A: ♣例  The man’s death was hastened by alcohol abuse. 酗酒加速了老人的死亡。
A: ♣近  accelerate, bundle, fast-track, rush, speed up
A: ♣反  slow the progress of, check, retard, brake, decelerate, retard, slow down 阻碍，放慢

Q:hasty  ['heisti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻率的： fast and typically superficial; acting or done with excessive or careless speed
A: ♣例  a hasty decision 轻率的决定
A: ♣近  cursory, headlong, precipitate, rash, rushed, pell-mell
A: ♣反  deliberate, well considered, unhurried, unrushed 深思熟虑的，不慌不忙的

Q:haunt  [hɔ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 常去拜访： to visit often; frequent
A: ♣例  haunt the movie theater 常去影院
A: ♣近  affect, habituate, visit, hang at, resort to
A: ♣反  avoid, shun 避开
A: ♠考法2  vt. 不断地想起，萦绕心头： to come to mind continually; obsess
A: ♣例  a riddle that haunted me all morning 整个早上萦绕在我心头的谜

Q:hauteur  [əu'tə:]
A: ♠考法1  n．傲慢，自大： haughtiness in bearing and attitude; arrogance
A: ♣例  he looked at her with the hauteur of someone who is accustomed to being instantly obeyed 他看着她，带着向来被顺从惯了的傲慢。
A: ♣近  bumptiousness, imperiousness, peremptoriness, pomposity, presumptuousness, pretentiousness, superciliousness, superiority
A: ♣反  humility, humbleness, modesty, unassumingness, unpretentiousness 谦虚

Q:haven  ['heivən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 安全的地方： a place of safety
A: ♣例  a haven for artists 艺术家们的圣地
A: ♣近  asylum, harbor, refuge, retreat, sanctuary
A: ♣反  unsafe place, dangerous place 不安全的地方

Q:havoc  ['hævək]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大混乱： a state in which everything is out of order
A: ♣例  the blackout caused havoc in the city 断电造成了城市一片混乱
A: ♣近  disarrangement, disarray, dishevelment, muddle, muss, tumble, welter
A: ♣反  order, orderliness 有序
A: ♠考法2  n. 大范围破坏： the state or fact of being rendered nonexistent, physically unsound, or useless
A: ♣例  the powerful hurricane wreaked havoc all along the coast 威力巨大的飓风摧毁着沿岸的一切
A: ♣近  annihilation, decimation, demolishment, desolation, devastation, extermination, extinction, obliteration, ruin, wreckage
A: ♣反  building, construction, erection, raising 建设

Q:headlong  ['hedlɔŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 鲁莽的： without deliberation
A: ♣例  terrified forest creatures in a headlong retreat from the rapidly spreading fire 受惊的动物们惊慌失措地从不断蔓延的森林大火中逃离出来
A: ♣近  cursory, overhasty, precipitate, precipitous, rash, pell-mell, helter-skelter
A: ♣反  deliberate, unhurried, unrushed 深思熟虑的

Q:hearken  ['hɑ:kən]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 倾听，关注： to give respectful attention
A: ♣近  attend, harken, heed, mind
A: ♣反  ignore 不理睬

Q:hearten  ['hɑ:tən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 给予鼓励，鼓舞： to give strength, courage, or hope to; encourage
A: ♣例  thinking we were hopelessly lost, we were heartened by the sight of a familiar farmhouse 悲催地以为我们完全迷路了，前方一座熟悉的农场给了我们新的希望
A: ♣近  embolden, inspire, inspirit, buck up, buoy up, cheer up
A: ♣反  daunt, dismay, discourage, dishearten, dispirit 使胆怯

Q:heartrending  ['hɑ:t,rendiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人心碎的： causing intense sorrow or distress
A: ♣例  a heartrending choice between saving his mother or his wife 先救老妈还是先救老婆的纠结选择

Q:heckle  ['hekl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 起哄，使难堪： to harass and try to disconcert with questions, challenges, or gibes
A: ♣例  a controversial player who was constantly heckled by the fans 一个时常被粉丝起哄的有争议的歌手‖Several protesters were heckling the speaker at the rally. 不少示威者在集会上起哄让发言者难堪。
A: ♣近  badger, bait, hassle, haze, hector, needle, ride, taunt

Q:hedonism  ['hi:dəunizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 享乐主义： the doctrine that pleasure or happiness is the sole or chief good in life
A: ♣例  their spring break trip to Mexico became an exercise in heedless hedonism 他们春季的墨西哥之行成为了一次未加注意的享乐之旅
A: ♣近  carnality, debauchery, sybaritism, voluptuousness
A: ♣反  abstinence, asceticism, sobriety, temperance 禁欲，节制

Q:hegemony  [hi'ɡeməni]
A: ♠考法1  n. 霸权，统治权： preponderant influence or authority over others
A: ♣例  battled for hegemony in Asia 争夺在亚洲地区的霸权地位
A: ♣近  ascendancy, dominance, dominion, predominance, preeminence
A: ♣反  lack of authority 缺少权利

Q:heinous  ['hainəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可憎的，十恶不赦的： hatefully or shockingly evil, abominable
A: ♣例  a heinous crime 十恶不赦的罪行
A: ♣反  commendable 值得赞美的

Q:herald  ['herəld]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 告知： to make known openly or publicly
A: ♣例  herald the great tidings to all the world 将重大消息告知全世界
A: ♣近  annunciate, broadcast, declare, enunciate, proclaim, promulgate
A: ♠考法2  v. 预示，预兆： to give a slight indication of beforehand
A: ♣例  the reshuffle of the company's management heralded the sweeping changes to come 公司管理层的重新洗牌预示着即将到来的巨大变革
A: ♣近  adumbrate, forerun, harbinger, prefigure

Q:heresy  ['herəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 异教，和普遍观点相悖： a controversial or unorthodox opinion or doctrine, departure from a generally accepted theory, opinion, or practice
A: ♣例  the heresy of asserting that Shakespeare was not a great writer 声称莎士比亚不是伟大作家的非主流观点
A: ♣近  dissent, dissidence, heterodoxy, nonconformity
A: ♣反  dogma, conformity, orthodoxy 正教

Q:heretical  [hi'retikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 异教的，异端的： departure from established beliefs or standards
A: ♣例  the belief that women should be allowed to have careers outside the home was once considered heretical 女人应该拥有自己的事业这一观点一度被认为是异端想法
A: ♣近  heterodox, nonconformist, unconventional, unorthodox
A: ♣反  conforming, conformist, conventional, orthodox 正统的

Q:hermetic  [hə:'metik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 深奥的： relating to or characterized by occultism or abstruseness
A: ♣例  wrote hermetic poetry 写晦涩难懂的诗歌
A: ♣近  abstruse, arcane, esoteric, recondite
A: ♣反  easily comprehended, shallow, superficial 容易理解的，肤浅的

Q:hesitance  ['hezitəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 犹豫，不情愿： the quality or state of being hesitant, reluctance
A: ♣例  sales figures for the month were up, as consumers began to overcome their hesitance about purchasing big-ticket items 月销售额有所上涨，因为消费者对于大件商品的购买由观望转向消费
A: ♣近  faltering, indecision, irresolution, vacillation, wavering, wobbling
A: ♣反  alacrity, impetuosity, inclination, willingness 冲动，乐意

Q:heterodox  ['hetərəudɔks]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非正统的，异端的： holding unorthodox opinions or doctrines, not rigidly following established form, custom, or rules
A: ♣例  her heterodox approach to teaching science initially met with some resistance from her peers 她对于教学的一些非正统方法最开始受到了同辈的抵触
A: ♣近  dissenting, out-there, unconventional, unorthodox
A: ♣反  conforming, conventional, orthodox, regular, routine 正常的，正统的

Q:hew  [hju:]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 遵守： confirm, adhere, to hold to something firmly as if by adhesion
A: ♣例  hew to tradition 遵守传统
A: ♣近  adhere, cling, conform
A: ♠考法2  v. 支持： to give steadfast support to
A: ♣例  no longer was able to hew to the party line and so he switched political parties 不再赞同该党的纲领，他投奔了另一个党
A: ♣近  cling to, keep to, stand by, stick to
A: ♣反  defect from 脱离，叛变

Q:hidebound  ['haidbaund]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 死板的，极度保守的： tending to favor established ideas, conditions, or institutions
A: ♣例  the hidebound innkeeper refused to see the need for a Web site 死板的酒馆老板坚决不肯装宽带
A: ♣近  archconservative, brassbound, die-hard, old-fashioned, standpat, ultraconservative
A: ♣反  broad-minded, large-minded, liberal, nonconservative, nonconventional, nonorthodox, nontraditional, open-minded, progressive 进步的，开放包容的

Q:hideous  ['hidiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常丑陋的： exceedingly ugly
A: ♣例  wearing a hideous Halloween mask that made the kids all jump with fright 戴着一个丑陋的万圣节面具把小孩子全都吓跑了
A: ♣近  homely, ill-favored, monstrous, uncomely, unsightly
A: ♣反  pulchritudinous, aesthetic, attractive, comely, gorgeous, handsome, knockout, ravishing, seemly, stunning, taking, well-favored 美丽的，有吸引力的
A: ♣派  hideousness 丑陋
A: ♣反  affinity 吸引力

Q:hie  [hai]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 匆匆忙忙： to go quickly, hasten
A: ♣例  we had best hie home before the rain gets worse 我们最好在雨下大之前赶快回家
A: ♣近  bustle, dash, hustle, scoot, scurry, scuttle, shoot, trot
A: ♣反  dawdle, crawl, creep, poke 闲荡，爬行

Q:hierarchical  [,haiə'rɑ:kikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 分等级的，等级制的： classified according to various criteria into successive levels or layers
A: ♣例  the traditional hierarchical system of military organization 军队中传统的等级制度
A: ♣近  graded, graduated, ranked
A: ♣派  hierarchy n. 等级制度

Q:hike  [haik]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 上涨： to rise up, to move from a lower to a higher place or position
A: ♣例  hike rents 涨租金
A: ♣近  boost, elevate, heighten, hoist, upraise
A: ♣反  backset, drop, lower 倒退，下降

Q:hilarious  [hi'lεəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常好笑的： marked by or causing hilarity: extremely funny
A: ♣例  hilarious cartoons that the whole family can enjoy 适合全家观看的搞笑动画片
A: ♣近  hysterical, ludicrous, ridiculous, screaming, sidesplitting, uproarious
A: ♣反  humorless, lame, unamusing, uncomic, unfunny 不好笑的

Q:histrionic  [,histri'ɔnik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 戏剧的，演员的： of or relating to actors, acting, or the theater
A: ♣例  a penchant for dish throwing, door slamming, and other histrionic displays of temper 有倾向做出一些砸盘子、摔门和其他一些电视剧里的经典生气动作
A: ♣近  melodramatic, operatic, stagy, theatrical
A: ♣反  undramatic

Q:hive  [haiv]
A: ♠考法1  n. 忙碌之地： a place swarming with activity
A: ♣例  The house was a hive of activity as we prepared for the party. 我们筹备派对时，房子里很是熙熙攘攘。
A: ♠考法2  v. 储备，积累： to store up; accumulate

Q:hoard  [hɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  v. 贮藏，秘藏： to keep hidden or private
A: ♣例  he's been hoarding empty yogurt containers all winter 他整个冬天都在攒空酸奶瓶
A: ♣近  cache, stash, stockpile, store, squirrel, stockpile
A: ♣反  lavish 挥霍

Q:hoary  ['hɔ:ri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极老的： extremely old
A: ♣例  hoary legends 上古的传说故事
A: ♣近  aged, antique, dateless, immemorial, antediluvian
A: ♣反  modern, new, recent 新的

Q:hoax  [həuks]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 欺骗： to cause to believe what is untrue
A: ♣例  a skilled forger who hoaxed the art world into believing that the paintings were long-lost Vermeers 一个老道的骗子成功让艺术界相信那些画作是遗失多年的维米尔的真迹
A: ♣近  bamboozle, beguile, bluff, con, cozen, delude, dupe, fake out, gull, hoodwink, take in

Q:hobble  ['hɔbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 跛行，蹒跚而行： to walk or move along haltingly or with difficulty
A: ♣例  She picked up her cane and hobbled across the room. 她拿起了一根手杖，一拐一拐地穿过了房间。
A: ♣近  falter, halt, limp, stagger, totter
A: ♣反  stride 大步走
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阻碍，妨碍： to hamper the action or progress of
A: ♣例  We were hobbled by the snowstorm from getting out to do some Christmas shopping. 暴雪阻碍了我们圣诞购物的计划。
A: ♣近  encumber, fetter, handicap, hamper, hinder, impede, inhibit, manacle, obstruct, shackle, stymie, trammel
A: ♣反  aid, assist, facilitate 帮助

Q:hodgepodge  ['hɔdʒpɔdʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大杂烩： a mixture of dissimilar ingredients; a jumble
A: ♣例  a hodgepodge of styles 混搭风格 || the exhibit was a hodgepodge of mediocre art, bad art, and really bad art 整场展览就是中庸、烂和非常烂的艺术作品的大杂烩
A: ♣近  agglomeration, assortment, collage, medley, mishmash, pastiche, potpourri

Q:homage  ['hɔmidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 尊敬，敬意： expression of high regard: respect
A: ♣例  Homage to Catalonia 向加泰罗尼亚致敬
A: ♣近  commendation, eulogy, hymn, paean, panegyric, salutation, tribute, dithyramb
A: ♣反  disrespect 不尊敬

Q:homely  ['həumli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 其貌不扬的，朴素简单的： not attractive or good-looking
A: ♣例  homely truth 朴素的真理
A: ♣近  hideous, unappealing, unattractive, uncomely, unsightly
A: ♣反  pulchritudinous, aesthetic, attractive, beautiful, comely, gorgeous, handsome, knockout, lovely, pretty, ravishing, seemly, sightly, stunning, taking, well-favored 美丽的

Q:homily  ['hɔmili]
A: ♠考法1  n. 冗长乏味的道德讲演或训诫： an idea or expression that has been used by many people
A: ♣例  a TV movie filled with the usual hokey homilies about people triumphing over life's adversities 一档说教性质的、充满了介绍逆境中的人们如何成就自我的电视节目
A: ♣近  banality, bromide, chestnut, cliché, groaner, platitude, shibboleth

Q:homogenize  [hɔ'mɔdʒənaiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使统一化： to make agree with a single established standard or model
A: ♣例  plans to homogenize the science curriculum in public high schools throughout the state 计划将全州的公立高中的课程安排统一化
A: ♣近  formalize, homogenize, normalize, regularize

Q:hone  [həun]
A: ♠考法1  v. 磨快： to sharpen or smooth with a whetstone
A: ♣例  honed the knife's blade to razor-like sharpness 把小刀磨得像剃刀一样锋利 || honed his crossword-puzzle skills by reading the dictionary 通过背字典把填词游戏的水平练得炉火纯青
A: ♣近  edge, grind, strop, whet
A: ♣反  blunt, dull 弄钝

Q:hoodwink  ['hudwiŋk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 欺骗： to take in by deceptive means; deceive
A: ♣例  Don't let yourself be hoodwinked into buying things you don't need. 别被忽悠着去买用不着的东西。
A: ♣近  beguile, con, delude, dupe, fool, hoax, humbug
A: ♣反  disabuse 消除错误念头

Q:hortative  ['hɔ:tətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 鼓励的： giving exhortation

Q:hovel  ['hɔvəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 茅屋： a small, wretched, and often dirty house
A: ♣近  cabin, camp, hooch, hut, hutch, hutment, shanty

Q:hubris  ['hju:bris]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狂妄自大： exaggerated pride or self-confidence
A: ♣例  His failure was brought on by his hubris. 就是他的狂妄自大才导致了失败。
A: ♣反  humility 谦逊

Q:humble  ['hʌmbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谦逊的： marked by meekness or modesty in behavior, attitude, or spirit; not arrogant or prideful
A: ♣例  a medical scientist who remained remarkably humble even after winning the Nobel Prize 获得诺贝尔奖之后仍然保持谦逊的医学家
A: ♣近  modest, unassuming, unpretentious, demure, down-to-earth
A: ♣反  arrogant, bumptious, conceited, egotistic, haughty, high-and-mighty, imperious, lordly, overweening, peremptory, pompous, presuming, presumptuous, pretentious, self-assertive, supercilious, superior, toplofty, uppish, uppity 傲慢的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 顺从的，谦卑的： showing, expressing, or offered in a spirit of humility or unseemly submissiveness
A: ♣例  please accept my humble thanks 请接受我的卑微的感谢
A: ♣近  base, humble, menial, servile, slavish

Q:humdrum  ['hʌmdrʌm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 千篇一律，单调： a tedious lack of variety
A: ♣例  She has been loathing the humdrum of daily life in a small town for a long time. 一直以来她很反感于小城镇里一成不变的生活。
A: ♣近  monotone, monotonousness, sameness
A: ♣反  diversity, variety 多样性
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无聊的，乏味的： lacking variety or excitement
A: ♣例  trapped in a humdrum but well-paid job 陷于无聊但是收入可观的工作之中
A: ♣近  arid, drab, dreary, drudging, jading, jejune, monochromatic, monotonous, pedestrian, ponderous, stale, stodgy, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 令人感兴趣的

Q:humiliate  [hju:'milieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 羞辱，使丧失尊严： to reduce to a lower position in one’s own eyes or others’ eyes
A: ♣例  No student feels humiliated for not having the “right” clothes because everyone is wearing a school uniform. 因为所有学生都统一穿着学校的校服，所以没有人会因为“不正确”的衣着而感觉尊严扫地。‖He humiliated me in front of my parents and I swear to retaliate. 他在我的父母面前让我难堪，我发誓要报复他。
A: ♣近  abase, chasten, cheapen, debase, degrade, demean, discredit, disgrace, dishonor, shame, sink, smirch
A: ♣反  aggrandize, canonize, deify, elevate, exalt 使崇高
A: ♣派  humiliation n. 羞辱，蒙羞

Q:humility  [hju:'miləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 谦卑，谦逊： the absence of any feelings of being better than others
A: ♣例  Haughtiness invites disaster; humility receives benefit. 满招损，谦受益
A: ♣近  demureness, humbleness, lowliness, meekness, modesty
A: ♣反  arrogance, assumption, bumptiousness, hauteur, pomposity, presumption, superciliousness 傲慢，自大

Q:humor  ['hju:mə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 幽默，令人发笑的事物： something that is or is designed to be comical or amusing
A: ♣例  The speech is full of wit and humor. 演讲妙趣横生
A: ♣近  comedy, comic, drollery, drollness, funniness, hilariousness
A: ♣反  pathos 令人伤感的事物
A: ♠考法2  v. 迎合，迁就： to comply with the wishes or ideas of
A: ♣例  Parents need to know how to humor kids when they are upset. 父母需要知道当孩子烦躁的时候怎么哄孩子
A: ♣近  cater, gratify, indulge

Q:hurricane  ['hʌrikən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 飓风： a violent rotating storm or system of winds
A: ♣例  The hurricane struck the coast early today. 飓风今晨袭击了海岸
A: ♣近  storm, typhoon
A: ♣反  calm 风平浪静
A: ♠考法2  n. 飓风般的事物，引起动荡的事物： something resembling a hurricane especially in its turmoil
A: ♣例  economic news that unleashed a hurricane on the trading floor 在交易大厅掀起轩然大波的经济新闻
A: ♣近  disturbance, furor, pandemonium, tumult, turmoil, uproar

Q:husband  ['hʌzbənd]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 节俭，勤俭持家： to use sparingly or economically
A: ♣例  Husbanding precious resources was part of rural life. 节俭使用珍贵的资源就是农村生活的一部分
A: ♣近  budget, conserve, economize
A: ♣反  dissipate, lavish, prodigalize, squander, waste 挥霍，浪费
A: ♣派  husbandly adj. 节俭的；husbandry n. 节俭

Q:husk  [hʌsk]
A: ♠考法1  n.（果类或谷物的）外壳： a usually dry or membranous outer covering (as a pod or one composed of bracts) of various seeds and fruits (as barley and corn)
A: ♣例  a grey squirrel nibbling on a peanut husk 一个啃着花生壳的灰松鼠
A: ♣近  bark, chaff, hull, shell
A: ♣反  core, kernel 核
A: ♠考法2  v. 剥去： to remove the natural covering of
A: ♣例  the tedious task of husking coconuts 无聊的任务——剥花生
A: ♣近  bark, flay, hull, shell, shuck, skin

Q:husky  ['hʌski]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （尤指声音）沙哑的，粗糙的： hoarse or rough in quality
A: ♣例  a voice husky with emotion 富有感情的沙哑声音
A: ♣近  coarse, grating, gravelly, harsh, rasping, rusty, scratchy, throaty
A: ♣反  mellifluous （声音）甜蜜的，甜美的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 高大威猛的： big and muscular
A: ♣例  a very husky young man, built like a football player 一个体格像橄榄球运动员一样的高大的男孩
A: ♣近  beefy, burly, hefty, muscular, powerful, strapping, rugged
A: ♣反  dwarf 矮小的

Q:hybrid  ['haibrid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 杂交品种，混合品种： something of mixed origin or composition
A: ♣例  a hybrid of medieval and Renaissance styles 中世纪和文艺复兴的混搭风
A: ♣近  amalgam, bastard, compound, mixture, mule
A: ♠考法2  adj. 杂交的： being offspring produced by parents of different races, breeds, species, or genera
A: ♣例  a hybrid rose called “American Beauty” 一种被称为“美国丽人”的杂交玫瑰
A: ♣近  crossbred, mongrel
A: ♣反  purebred 纯种的

Q:hymn  [him]
A: ♠考法1  n. 赞歌，赞美诗： a song of praise or joy
A: ♣例  They sang a hymn of praise to God. 他们唱赞歌赞美上帝
A: ♣近  eulogy, homage, hymn, ode, paean, panegyric, psalm, salutation, tribute
A: ♣反  dirge, elegy 哀诗，挽歌
A: ♠考法2  v. 赞美： to proclaim the glory of
A: ♣例  During the honeymoon following the inauguration, newspaper articles seemed to hymn the president's every move. 在上任后的“蜜月期”之中，报纸新闻似乎在赞美总统的每一项措施
A: ♣近  bless, carol, celebrate, emblazon, exalt, extol, glorify, laud, magnify, resound
A: ♣反  blame, censure, reprehend, reprobate 责难，职责

Q:hyperbole  [hai'pə:bəli]
A: ♠考法1  n. 夸张： a figure of speech in which exaggeration is used for emphasis or effect
A: ♣例  The debate was carried on with increasing rhetorical hyperbole. 随着辩论的进行，双方修辞当中的夸张越来越多
A: ♣近  coloring, embellishment, embroidering, exaggeration, magnification, overstatement
A: ♣反  understatement 有节制的陈述

Q:hypnotic  [hip'nɔtik]
A: ♠考法1  adj.催眠的： tending to cause sleep
A: ♣例  Her eyes soon grew heavy from the hypnotic rhythm of the train's wheels. 伴随着催眠的铁轨声，她很快就有了睡意
A: ♣近  drowsy, narcotic, opiate, sleepy, slumberous, soporific
A: ♣反  stimulating 刺激性的；refreshing 使人精神焕发的

Q:hypocritical  [,hipə'kritikl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚伪的： not being or expressing what one appears to be or express
A: ♣例  It's hypocritical to say mean things behind someone's back, and then to act nice when you want something from her. 这种在背后说别人坏话、而有求于人时又装出另一副样子的人就是虚伪
A: ♣近  artificial, backhanded, feigned, mealy-mouthed, phony, pretended, unctuous
A: ♣反  artless, candid, genuine, honest, sincere, undesigning, unfeigned 真诚的，诚实的
A: ♣派  hypocrite n. 虚伪的人，伪君子

Q:hypothetical  [,haipəu'θetikəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 假设，前提条件： something taken as being true or factual and used as a starting point for a course of action or reasoning
A: ♣例  He believes that predictions of the extinction of certain species as the result of global warming are based upon too many hypotheticals. 他认为所谓全球变暖会导致某些物种灭绝的说法基于过多的假设。
A: ♣近  assumption, given, postulate, premise, presumption, presupposition, supposition
A: ♣反  conclusion, consequence, deduction, induction, inference 结论
A: ♠考法2  adj. 假定的： existing only as an assumption or speculation
A: ♣例  We talked about what we would do in various hypothetical emergencies. 我们讨论了在假定的各种紧急情况下的对策。
A: ♣近  conjectural, speculative, supposed, suppositional
A: ♣反  actual, factual, real 事实的

Q:iconoclast  [ai'kɔnəuklæst]
A: ♠考法1  n. 特立独行的人： a person who does not conform to generally accepted standards or customs
A: ♣例  He was an iconoclast who refused to be bound by tradition. 他是个不愿被传统所束缚的叛逆者
A: ♣近  bohemian, deviant, heretic, maverick, non-conformer
A: ♣反  conformer, conformist 循规蹈矩的人
A: ♣派  iconoclastic adj. 特立独行的

Q:idiosyncrasy  [,idiə'siŋkrəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 独特而奇怪的习惯： an odd or peculiar habit
A: ♣例  His only idiosyncrasy is his inveterate wearing of sneakers, even with business suits. 他唯一的怪癖就是无时无刻都穿着运动鞋——哪怕身上是西装革履。
A: ♣近  crotchet, eccentricity, individualism, mannerism, oddity, peculiarity, quirk, singularity, trick, twist
A: ♣反  conformity, sameness 合乎（礼节等），千篇一律

Q:idle  ['aidl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 闲置的，未使用的： not turned to normal or appropriate use
A: ♣例  The car was idle for two weeks while they went on vacation. 因为他们出去旅行了，他们的车闲置了两周。
A: ♣近  dead, dormant, fallow, free, inert, inoperative, latent, unused, vacant
A: ♣反  active, alive, employed, functioning, operative, running, working 使用中的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 懒散的： shiftless, lazy
A: ♣例  an idle employee who always seems to be either on break or at lunch 这个懒散的员工似乎不是在休息就是在吃饭
A: ♣近  indolent, lazy, shiftless, slothful
A: ♣反  diligent, industrious 勤奋的
A: ♠考法3  vi. 懒散度日，无所事事： to pass (time) without working or while avoiding work
A: ♣例  idle the afternoon away 打发下午的时光
A: ♣近  dally, dillydally, drone, laze, loaf, loll, lounge
A: ♣反  drudge, grind, hustle, labor, moil, plod, slave, sweat, toil, travail, work （辛苦地）干活，工作
A: ♣派  idlly adv. 懒散地

Q:idolatrize  [ai'dɔlətraiz]
A: ♠考法1  v.（通常盲目）崇拜： admires intensely and often blindly
A: ♣例  Some teenagers idolatrized Hitler more than their own parents. 曾经有一些青少年崇拜希特勒超过自己的父母
A: ♣近  adore, adulate, canonize, deify, dote, worship
A: ♣反  abhor, abominate, detest, dislike, hate, loathe 痛恨，憎恶
A: ♣派  idolatry n. 崇拜

Q:idyll  ['idil]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无忧无虑的生活： a carefree episode or experience
A: ♣例  a summer idyll on the coast of the Mediterranean 地中海岸的悠闲夏日
A: ♣近  frisk, frolic, gambol, revel, lark

Q:ignite  [iɡ'nait]
A: ♠考法1  vt.点燃： to cause to burn; to set fire to
A: ♣例  The bombs ignited a fire which destroyed some 60 houses. 炸弹引发的大火摧毁了大约60间房屋
A: ♣近  enkindle, fire, inflame, kindle, light, torch
A: ♣反  douse, extinguish, quench, put out 熄灭
A: ♠考法2  vt. 激起，唤起（感情等）： to arouse the passions of
A: ♣例  The insults ignited my anger. 那些侮辱让我倍感愤怒
A: ♣近  arouse, incite, instigate, pique, spark, stimulate, stir
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, calm, conciliate, mollify, pacify, placate, propitiate, soothe 平息怒火，安抚

Q:ignominy  ['iɡnəmini]
A: ♠考法1  n. 耻辱： the state of having lost the esteem of others
A: ♣例  He spent the remainder of his life in ignominy after being involved in a bribery scandal. 因为卷入了受贿丑闻当中，他在耻辱中度过余生
A: ♣近  discredit, disesteem, dishonor, disrepute, infamy, obloquy, odium, opprobrium, reproach, shame
A: ♣反  glory, honor 荣耀；esteem, respect 敬意
A: ♣派  ignominious adj. 可鄙的

Q:ill-bred  ['il'bred]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没有教养的，没有礼貌的： badly brought up or showing bad upbringing: impolite
A: ♣例  Only an ill-bred, conceited person would demand that everyone cater to their whims. 只有一个没有教养、狂妄自大的人才会要求所有人都去迎合他的想法。
A: ♣近  discourteous, disrespectful, impertinent, impolite, inconsiderate, rude, uncivil, ungracious, unmannerly
A: ♣反  civil, considerate, courteous, genteel, gracious, mannerly, polite, urbane, well-bred 有礼貌的，得体的

Q:illiteracy  [i'litərəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 文盲： the condition of being unable to read and write
A: ♣例  a nationwide campaign against illiteracy 全国扫盲运动
A: ♣近  ignorance
A: ♣反  learning, literacy 受过教育
A: ♣派  illiterate adj. 不识字的

Q:illuminate  [i'lju:mineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 照明： to make luminous or shining
A: ♣例  to illuminate with a spotlight 用聚光灯照亮
A: ♣近  bathe, beacon, emblaze, illume, illumine, irradiate, lighten
A: ♣反  blacken, darken, obfuscate 使黯淡，使昏暗
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阐明： to make plain or understandable
A: ♣例  Roosevelt′s New Deal illuminates what the role of government is in Keynesian Economics. 罗斯福新政阐明了在凯恩斯主义中政府的作用
A: ♣近  clarify, clear, construe, demonstrate, demystify, elucidate, explicate, expound, illustrate, interpret
A: ♣反  obscure 使费解
A: ♠考法3  vt. 启迪，启发： to provide (someone) with moral or spiritual understanding
A: ♣例  how man is illuminated by a higher spirit 人们是如何被更高境界的思想开化的
A: ♣近  edify, educate, enlighten, inspire, nurture
A: ♣反  confuse, perplex, puzzle 使困惑
A: ♣派  illumination n. 照明；启迪

Q:illuminati  [i,lu:mi'nɑ:ti:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 智者： persons who claim to be unusually enlightened
A: ♣近  clerisy, intellectual, intelligentsia, literati
A: ♣反  fool, dolt, dullard, idiot, simpleton 傻子
A: ♠考法2  n. 精英： individuals carefully selected as being the best of a class
A: ♣例  a book launching party to which only New York's cultural illuminati were invited 一个只邀请了纽约上层文化精英的新书发布会
A: ♣近  aristocracy, elite, upper crust

Q:illusory  [i'lju:səri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 幻觉的，虚幻的： produced by, based on, or having the nature of an illusion
A: ♣例  the illusory definition of nationhood 国家的虚幻定义
A: ♣近  chimerical, fanciful, fantastic, fictional, fictitious, imaginary, suppositious, supposititious, unreal
A: ♣反  factual 事实的
A: ♣派  illusion n. 幻觉

Q:illustrious  [i'lʌstriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 著名的，杰出的： well known and very distinguished
A: ♣例  the most illustrious scientists of the century 本世纪最为杰出的科学家
A: ♣近  distinguished, luminous, noble, notable, noteworthy, outstanding, preeminent, prestigious, redoubtable, signal
A: ♣反  average, inferior, mediocre 平凡的，较差的

Q:imbibe  [im'baib]
A: ♠考法1  v. 喝水，摄取水分： to take in (something liquid) through small openings
A: ♣例  Plants can imbibe water through their roots. 植物可以通过它们的根摄取水分
A: ♣近  drink, guzzle, hoist, quaff, sip, sponge
A: ♣反  urinate 排尿

Q:imbroglio  [im'brəuljəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 困境，复杂的局面： an intricate or complicated situation
A: ♣例  What investor would willingly become involved in this imbroglio? 怎样的投资者才会像这样明知山有虎，偏向虎山行呢？
A: ♣近  complexity, complication, embarrassment, entanglement, involvement, misunderstanding, quandary
A: ♠考法2  n. 纷争： an often noisy or angry expression of differing opinions
A: ♣例  an imbroglio involving some big names in the entertainment industry 一场涉及娱乐圈数位明星的纷争
A: ♣近  altercation, controversy, disagreement, dispute, fight, quarrel, squabble, wrangle
A: ♣反  harmony 和谐

Q:imitation  [,imi'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 仿制品： something that is made to look exactly like something else
A: ♣例  usually wore imitations of her costly jewels 通常只戴她那些贵重珠宝的复刻品
A: ♣近  clone, copy, dupe, duplication, facsimile, mock, reduplication, replica, replication, reproduction
A: ♣反  archetype, original, prototype 原型
A: ♣派  imitating adj. 仿制的

Q:immaculate  [i'mækjulət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 干净的，纯净的： free from dirt or stain; free from any trace of the coarse or indecent
A: ♣例  an immaculate soul 一个纯净的灵魂
A: ♣近  antiseptic, chaste, clean, decent, modest, pristine, pure, spotless, stainless, virgin
A: ♣反  coarse, indecent, obscene, vulgar 粗俗的,下流的；besmirched, dirty, filthy, foul, spotted, stained, sullied 有污点的，不干净的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 完美的，没有任何错误的： being entirely without fault or flaw
A: ♣例  an immaculate rendering of the Queen of the Night ’s aria （《魔笛》中）夜后咏叹调的完美演绎
A: ♣近  absolute, faultless, flawless, impeccable, indefectible, irreproachable, perfect, seamless, unblemished
A: ♣反  amiss, defective, faulty, flawed, imperfect 有错误的，有误差的

Q:immanent  ['imənənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 内在的： being a part of the innermost nature of a person or thing
A: ♣例  Beauty is not something imposed but something immanent. 美丽是内在的品格而非外加的东西
A: ♣近  constitutional, essential, inborn, inbred, indigenous, ingrained, innate, integral, intrinsic, natural
A: ♣反  adventitious, extrinsic, extraneous 外在的，非本源的

Q:immaterial  [,imə'tiəriəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非实体的： not composed of matter
A: ♣例  It is only possible to study immaterial forces like gravity by observing their effects on the physical world. 要研究那些非实体的作用力——例如万有引力，只能观察它们对于现实世界的影响
A: ♣近  ethereal, formless, incorporeal, insubstantial, nonmaterial, spiritual
A: ♣反  bodily, corporeal, material, physical, substantial 实体的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无关的，不重要的： of no importance or relevance
A: ♣例  While undoubtedly upsetting, that story is immaterial to the question of why you are late. 尽管那个故事的确很让人遗憾，但是和你为什么迟到没有半点关系
A: ♣近  extraneous, impertinent, inapplicable, inapposite, irrelevant
A: ♣反  applicable, apposite, apropos, germane, pertinent, relevant 相关的；crucial, important, significant 重要的

Q:immature  [,imə'tjuə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 未完全发展的，未发育成熟的： lacking complete growth, differentiation, or development
A: ♣例  immature frogs are called “tadpoles” 为发育成熟的青蛙被称为“蝌蚪”
A: ♣近  adolescent, juvenile, youngish, youthful
A: ♠考法2  adj. （思维、举止）不够成熟的： lacking in adult experience or maturity
A: ♣例  Many high school students are still too immature to foresee the consequences of their actions. 很多高中生还是不够成熟，不能意识到他们的行为所带来的后果
A: ♣近  green, inexperienced, puerile, raw, unfledged, unripe
A: ♣反  adult, experienced, mature, ripe 成年的，成熟的

Q:immemorial  [,imi'mɔ:riəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 古老的： dating or surviving from the distant past
A: ♣例  a modern version of an immemorial myth 一个远古传说的现代版本
A: ♣近  aged, age-old, antediluvian, antique, dateless, hoary, old, venerable
A: ♣反  contemporary, modern 当代的，现代的；recent 近来的

Q:immune  [i'mju:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不易被感染的，有免疫力的： of, relating to, or having resistance to infection
A: ♣例  The blood test will tell whether you are immune to the disease. 验血可以判断你是否对这种疾病免疫
A: ♣近  resistant
A: ♣反  susceptible, vulnerable 易感染的，易受攻击的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不受影响的： not affected by a given influence
A: ♣例  immune to persuasion 不听劝
A: ♣近  insusceptible, unaffected, unresponsive
A: ♣反  ductile, pliable, pliant, yielding 易受影响的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 不受约束的： not subject to an obligation imposed on others
A: ♣例  immune from taxation 免税
A: ♣近  exempt, free
A: ♣反  liable, responsible 负有责任的
A: ♣派  immunity n. 免疫性

Q:immure  [i'mjuə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 监禁，禁闭： to confine within or as if within walls
A: ♣例  immure oneself for GRE 闭门苦读GRE
A: ♣近  bastille, confine, constrain, incarcerate, intern, jail, imprison
A: ♣反  discharge, release释放；enfranchise, free, liberate 解放

Q:immutable  [i'mju:təbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不可变的： not capable of changing or being changed
A: ♣例  One of the immutable laws of television is that low ratings inevitably lead to cancellation. 电视行业中一个不变的原则就是：低收视率的节目必然会被撤掉
A: ♣近  constant, fixed, inalterable, inflexible, invariable, unalterable, unchangeable
A: ♣反  alterable, changeable, elastic, flexible, mutable, variable 可变的
A: ♣派  immutability n. 不变性

Q:impassive  [im'pæsiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冷漠的，无感情的： giving no sign of feeling or emotion
A: ♣例  She remained impassive as the officers informed her of her son's death. 她面不改色地听着警官宣读她儿子的死讯
A: ♣近  affectless, apathetic, cold-blooded, deadpan, emotionless, numb, phlegmatic, stoic, undemonstrative
A: ♣反  demonstrative, emotional, fervent, fervid, impassioned, passionate, vehement充满感情的

Q:impeccable  [im'pekəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无罪的： free from sin, guilt or blame
A: ♣例  the belief that there can be no such thing as an impeccable soul 不相信存在无罪的灵魂
A: ♣近  blameless, clear, guiltless, inculpable, pure, sinless
A: ♣反  guilty, sinful 有罪的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无瑕的，无可挑剔的： free from fault or blame
A: ♣例  She had impeccable taste in clothes. 她有着无可挑剔的穿衣品味
A: ♣近  absolute, faultless, flawless, immaculate, indefectible, irreproachable, perfect, seamless, unblemished
A: ♣反  amiss, defective, faulty, flawed, imperfect 有错误的，有误差的

Q:impecunious  [,impi'kju:njəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贫穷的： having very little or no money
A: ♣例  They were so impecunious that they couldn't afford to give one another even token Christmas gifts. 他们穷到了连象征性的圣诞礼物都互送不起的地步
A: ♣近  beggared, destitute, impoverished, indigent, necessitous, needy, penniless, penurious, threadbare
A: ♣反  affluent, flush, opulent, rich, wealthy 富有的

Q:impede  [im'pi:d]
A: ♠考法1  v. 妨碍，阻碍： to interfere with or slow the progress of
A: ♣例  Storms at sea impeded our expedition. 海上的风暴阻碍了我们的远征
A: ♣近  clog, embarrass, encumber, fetter, hinder, inhibit, obstruct, retard, shackle, stymie, trammel
A: ♣反  aid, assist, facilitate, help 促进，帮助
A: ♣派  impediment n. 障碍，阻碍

Q:impending  [im'pendiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 即将发生的： being soon to appear or take place
A: ♣例  an impending celebration of the 100th anniversary of the college's founding 即将来临的百年校庆
A: ♣近  approaching, coming, imminent, nearing, pending, proximate, upcoming, around the corner
A: ♣反  late, recent 最近发生的；distant, remote 遥远的

Q:impenetrable  [im'penitrəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不可渗透的，不可穿透的： impossible to get through or into
A: ♣例  The ancient temple was surrounded by vast stretches of impenetrable jungle. 包围着古老的神庙的是密不透风的灌木丛
A: ♣近  impassable, impermeable, impervious, impregnable
A: ♣反  passable, penetrable, permeable, pervious 可通过的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 难以理解的： incapable of being comprehended
A: ♣例  The textbook's language is completely impenetrable, at least to me. 至少在我看来，这个教材就是天书
A: ♣近  arcane, cryptic, enigmatic, incomprehensible, inscrutable, unfathomable, ungraspable, unintelligible
A: ♣反  fathomable, intelligible, understandable 可以理解的

Q:impenitent  [im'penitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不悔悟的： not feeling or expressing humble or regretful pain or sorrow for sins or offenses
A: ♣例  remain impenitent about her criminal past 对她过去所犯罪行执迷不悟
A: ♣近  remorseless, regretless, shameless, unashamed, unrepentant
A: ♣反  contrite, regretful, remorseful, rueful, penitent 感到悔恨的

Q:imperative  [im'perətiv]
A: ♠考法1  n. 命令： a statement of what to do that must be obeyed by those concerned
A: ♣例  a secretary of defense who was fond of issuing harshly worded imperatives 一个很喜欢发布措辞严厉的命令的国防部长
A: ♣近  command, decree, dictate, direction, directive, instruction, order, word
A: ♠考法2  adj. 命令的，强制性的：forcing one's compliance or participation by or as if by law
A: ♣例  requests that grew more and more imperative 命令性越来越强的请求
A: ♣近  compulsory, forced, involuntary, obligatory, peremptory, required
A: ♣反  optional 可选择的；voluntary 志愿性的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 迫切的： needing immediate attention
A: ♣例  an imperative need for medical supplies in the earthquake-ravaged country 地震灾区国家对于医疗物资的迫切需求
A: ♣近  clamant, compelling, critical, crying, emergent, exigent, imperious, importunate, pressing, urgent
A: ♣反  noncritical, unimportant 不重要的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 必要的： impossible to do without
A: ♣例  Proper equipment is imperative for the success of this chemical experiment. 合适的仪器是这个化学实验成功必不可少的条件
A: ♣近  indispensable, necessary, necessitous, requisite, vital
A: ♣反  dispensable, inessential, needless, unneces

Q:imperial  [im'piəriəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 帝国的，帝王的： of, relating to, or suggestive of an empire or a sovereign, especially an emperor or empress
A: ♣例  Imperial College London 帝国理工学院
A: ♣近  kingly, queenly, regal, royal
A: ♠考法2  adj. 巨大的，令人惊叹的： large and impressive in size, grandeur, extent, or conception
A: ♣例  envisioned an imperial city that would rival the capitals of Europe for beauty and magnificence 幻想着一个比欧洲各国首都更为动人和壮丽的巨大城市
A: ♣近  august, epic, glorious, grand, imposing, magnificent, monumental, noble, splendid
A: ♣反  common, humble, inferior, low 低下的，平凡的

Q:imperious  [im'piəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 爱发号施令的： fond of ordering people around
A: ♣例  an imperious little boy who liked to tell the other scouts what to do 一个爱发号施令的小男孩，总是喜欢指挥别的童子军做事
A: ♣近  authoritarian, autocratic, despotic, dictatorial, domineering, masterful, tyrannical
A: ♠考法2  adj. 傲慢的，专横的： arrogantly domineering or overbearing
A: ♣例  an imperious movie star who thinks she's some sort of goddess 一个把自己当成某种女神的傲慢的影星
A: ♣近  arrogant, bumptious, haughty, lofty, lordly, peremptory, pompous, presumptuous, supercilious, superior
A: ♣反  humble, lowly, modest 谦逊的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 迫切的： intensely compelling
A: ♣例  As war casualties mounted, the need for trained nurses became imperious. 随着战争伤亡人数的攀升，对于受训护士的需求变得愈发迫切
A: ♣近  clamant, compelling, critical, crying, dire, emergent, exigent, imperative, importunate, pressing, urgent
A: ♣反  noncritical, unimportant 不重要的

Q:imperishable  [im'periʃəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不能被摧毁的： impossible to destroy; not subject to decay
A: ♣例  Energy is imperishable. 能量本身是不能被毁灭的。
A: ♣近  inextinguishable
A: ♣反  destructible, extinguishable, perishable 可被毁灭的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不朽的，永恒的： enduring or occurring forever
A: ♣例  My memories are within me, imperishable. 我的回忆已经和我融为一体，不可改变。
A: ♣近  ageless, continuing, eternal, everlasting, immortal, lasting, perennial, perpetual, timeless, undying
A: ♣反  emphemeral, evanescent, fleeting, transient, transitory 稍纵即逝的

Q:impertinent  [im'pə:tinənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无关紧要的： not having a clear decisive relevance to the matter in hand
A: ♣例  Your résumé needlessly lists extracurricular experiences that are impertinent to the PhD program for which you are applying. 你的简历里列出的一些课外活动和你申请的博士项目是毫不相关的
A: ♣近  extraneous, immaterial, inapplicable, inapposite, irrelevant
A: ♣反  germane, pertinent, relevant 相关的；crucial, important, significant 重要的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 粗鲁无礼的，大胆的： given to or characterized by insolent rudeness
A: ♣例  I don't like strangers who ask impertinent questions. 我很讨厌那些问无礼问题的陌生人
A: ♣近  audacious, bold, brash, brassbound, brassy, brazen, impudent, insolent
A: ♣反  meek, mousy, retiring, shy, timid 内敛的，胆小的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 不守礼节的，不为他人着想的： showing a lack of manners or consideration for others
A: ♣例  impertinent salesmen who telephone people during the dinner hour 在就餐时间打电话骚扰别人的无礼销售员
A: ♣近  discourteous, disrespectful, inconsiderate, rude, thoughtless
A: ♣反  civil, courteous, genteel, gracious, mannerly, polite 有礼貌的；considerate 为他人着想的

Q:imperturbable  [,impə'tə:bəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj.沉着冷静的，淡定的： marked by extreme calm, impassivity, and steadiness
A: ♣例  The chef was absolutely imperturbable—even when the kitchen caught on fire. 这个厨师可谓淡定到了极致——他连厨房着火的时候都依然沉着
A: ♣近  collected, composed, cool, disimpassioned, nonchalant, unflappable, unruffled
A: ♣反  choleric, touchy 暴躁的，易怒的

Q:impervious  [im'pə:viəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不可渗透的，不可穿透的： not allowing entrance or passage
A: ♣例  The material for this coat is supposed to be impervious to rain. 这件大衣的材料应该是能防雨的
A: ♣近  impassable, impenetrable, impermeable, impregnable
A: ♣反  passable, penetrable, permeable, pervious 可渗透的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不能被破坏的： not capable of being damaged or harmed
A: ♣例  a carpet impervious to rough treatment 耐用的地毯
A: ♣近  bulletproof, imperishable, indestructible, inextinguishable, invulnerable
A: ♣反  delicate, sensitive, vulnerable 脆弱的，敏感的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 不为所动的： not capable of being affected or disturbed
A: ♣例  These sailors are impervious to fear. 这些水手无所畏惧
A: ♣近  immune, insusceptible, unaffected, unresponsive
A: ♣反  ductile, pliable, pliant, yielding 易受影响的

Q:impetuous  [im'petjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冲动的，性急的，轻率的： marked by impulsive vehemence or passion
A: ♣例  He is young and impetuous. 他年轻易冲动
A: ♣近  ardent, hasty, headlong, impassioned, impulsive, passionate, rash, vehement
A: ♣反  cautious, circumspect, wary 谨慎的，小心的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 剧烈的，猛烈的： marked by force and violence of movement or action
A: ♣例  an impetuous wind 猛烈的风
A: ♣近  abrupt, hasty, hurried, precipitate, precipitous, rushing, sudden, violent
A: ♣反  calm, halcyon, placid, quiet 风平浪静的
A: ♣派  impetus n. 推动力

Q:impious  ['impiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj.不敬神的： lacking reverence for holy or sacred matters
A: ♣例  made impious remarks about the church 对教会做出不敬的评论
A: ♣近  blasphemous, irreverent, profane, sacrilegious
A: ♣反  pious 虔诚的；reverent 敬神的
A: ♣派  impiety n. （对神的）不敬

Q:implacable  [im'plækəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执的： sticking to an opinion, purpose, or course of action in spite of reason, arguments, or persuasion
A: ♣近  adamant, dogged, headstrong, intransigent, mulish, obdurate, pertinacious, stubborn, unyielding
A: ♣反  acquiescent 倾向于默认的；compliant, flexible, pliable, pliant, yielding 易受影响的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无法平息的： not capable of being appeased, significantly changed, or mitigated
A: ♣例  an implacable enemy 无法与之和解的敌人
A: ♣近  determined, grim, relentless, unappeasable
A: ♣反  placable 可平息的，可缓和的

Q:implement  ['implimənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 工具： a device used in the performance of a task
A: ♣例  gardening implements such as hoes, spades, and pruners 诸如锄头、铲子和修枝剪一类的园艺工具
A: ♣近  apparatus, device, instrument, tool, utensil
A: ♠考法2  v. 执行，实施： to put into practical effect; carry out
A: ♣例  implement the new online application procedures 实行新的网申程序
A: ♣近  administer, apply, effect, enforce, execute, invoke, perform
A: ♣反  cancel, repeal, rescind, revoke 撤销
A: ♣派  implementation n. 执行，履行

Q:implicit  [im'plisit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不言而喻的，心照不宣的： capable of being understood from something else though unexpressed
A: ♣例  The implicit agreement among members of the outing club is that everyone pays his or her own way on all trips. 野外俱乐部成员之间一条心照不宣的约定就是：沿途所有开销都AA。
A: ♣近  implied, unexpressed, unspoken, unvoiced, wordless
A: ♣反  explicit, expressed, spoken, stated, voiced 明确声明的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无疑问的，无保留的： being without doubt or reserve
A: ♣例  Members of the expedition must have implicit trust in their leaders. 远征的队员必须百分之百地信任他们的领队。
A: ♣近  assured, clear, confident, doubtless, positive, sanguine, sure
A: ♣反  doubtful, dubious, uncertain, unsure 不确定的，存有疑惑的

Q:implode  [im'pləud]
A: ♠考法1  v. 剧烈收缩，坍缩，内爆： to collapse inward violently
A: ♣例  The flask imploded during the vacuum distilling. 做低压蒸馏的时候烧瓶发生了内爆
A: ♣近  buckle, founder, tumble, yield
A: ♣反  explode 外爆，爆炸

Q:importune  [im'pɔ:tju:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 恳求，迫切请求： to make a request to (someone) in an earnest or urgent manner
A: ♣例  beggars importuning passers-by 在恳求着过路人的乞丐
A: ♣近  appeal,beseech, besiege, conjure, entreat, impetrate, implore, petition, plead, pray, solicit, supplicate
A: ♣反  demand 要求，强求

Q:imposing  [im'pəuziŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宏伟壮丽的： impressive in size, bearing, dignity, or grandeur
A: ♣例  The corporation's imposing headquarters were designed by one of the nation's cutting-edge architects. 这家公司宏伟壮丽的总部是由该国最优秀的建筑师设计的
A: ♣近  august, epic, glorious, grand, imperial, magnificent, monumental, noble, splendid
A: ♣反  common, humble, inferior, low 低下的，平凡的

Q:imposter  [im'pɔstə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 冒名顶替者，骗子： one that assumes false identity or title for the purpose of deception
A: ♣例  The man who claimed to be my townsman turned out to be an impostor. 那个自称是我老乡的人结果是个骗子。
A: ♣近  charlatan, fake, fraud, hoaxer, humbug, mountebank, phony, pretender, quack, quacksalver, ringer, sham

Q:impostor  [im'pɔstə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 冒充者： one that assumes false identity or title for the purpose of deception
A: ♣例  The man who claimed to be a prince turned out to be an impostor. 那个自称是王子的人原来是冒充的
A: ♣近  charlatan, fake, fraud, hoaxer, mountebank, phony, pretender, quack, sham

Q:impotent  ['impətənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无生育能力的： unable to produce fruit or offspring
A: ♣例  Most mules are impotent. 绝大多数的骡子都无法生育
A: ♣近  barren, fruitless, infertile, unfruitful
A: ♣反  fecund, fertile, fruitful, productive 高产的，硕果累累的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无力的，无能的： lacking in power, strength, or vigor
A: ♣例  an impotent ruler who was just a figurehead 一个无能的傀儡统治者
A: ♣近  hamstrung, handcuffed, helpless, impuissant, paralyzed, weak
A: ♣反  mighty, potent, powerful, puissant, strong 强大的，有能力的

Q:imprecise  [,impri'sais]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不精确的： not precise
A: ♣例  incomplete and imprecise satellite data 既不完整又不精确的卫星数据
A: ♣近  approximate, inaccurate, loose, squishy
A: ♣反  accurate, exact, precise, veracious 精确的，准确的
A: ♣派  imprecision n. 不准确，不精确

Q:impromptu  [im'prɔmptju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 即席的表演： something, such as a speech, that is made or done extemporaneously
A: ♣近  improvisation, extemporization
A: ♠考法2  adj. 即席的，即兴的：composedwithout previous preparation
A: ♣例  Our dinner guest thanked us with an impromptu song. 客人们即兴高歌一首以表达谢意
A: ♣近  ad-lib, extemporary, improvised, offhand, unplanned, unpremeditated, unprepared, unrehearsed
A: ♣反  considered, planned, premeditated, prepared, rehearsed 事先有所准备的

Q:improvise  ['imprəvaiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 即兴而作： to invent, compose, or perform with little or no preparation
A: ♣例  Since the award was a complete surprise, I improvised an acceptance speech. 因为那个奖项完全是个惊喜，所以我即兴发表了一个获奖演说
A: ♣近  ad-lib, extemporize
A: ♣反  plan, premeditate 计划，预先考虑

Q:imprudent  [im'pru:dənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不明智的： lacking discretion, wisdom, or good judgment
A: ♣例  an imprudent investment ha made many years ago 他许多年前做的一笔不明智的投资
A: ♣近  impolitic, inadvisable, indelicate, injudicious, tactless, undiplomatic, unwise
A: ♣反  advisable, politic, prudent, tactical, wise 明智的

Q:impudent  ['impjudənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 放肆大胆的，无礼的： marked by contemptuous or cocky boldness or disregard of others
A: ♣例  Some children were well behaved, while others were impudent. 一些孩子表现得很得体，另一些则很无礼
A: ♣近  audacious, barefaced, bold, brash, brazen, impertinent, insolent, shameless
A: ♣反  courteous, genteel, mannerly, polite, proper 举止得体的
A: ♣派  impudencen. 放肆无礼

Q:impugn  [im'pju:n]
A: ♠考法1  v. 责难，攻击抨击： to attack as false or questionable; challenge in argument
A: ♣例  impugn a political opponent's character 就政治对手的人品发难
A: ♣近  attack, assail, contradict, contravene, cross, disaffirm, deny, gainsay, negate, negative, traverse
A: ♣反  advocate, back, support, uphold 支持；authenticate 证实，证明

Q:impuissance  [im'pju:isəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无权，虚弱： lack of power or effectivenes
A: ♣例  In spite of their impuissance the group remains highly active. 尽管手中无权，但这个组织仍然十分活跃
A: ♣近  impotence, powerlessness, weakness
A: ♣反  clout, potency, power, puissance 权势
A: ♣派  impuissant adj. 无权无势的，无能的

Q:impunity  [im'pju:nəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 免责，免受处罚： exemption or freedom from punishment, harm, or loss
A: ♣例  She mistakenly believed that she could insult people with impunity. 她错误地认为她可以肆无忌惮地羞辱他人。
A: ♣近  exemption, immunity
A: ♣反  liability 责任

Q:inadvertent  [,inəd'və:tənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 偶然发生的： happening by chance
A: ♣例  an inadvertent encounter with a rattlesnake 偶遇响尾蛇
A: ♣近  casual, fluky, incidental, unintentional, unplanned, unpremeditated, unwitting
A: ♣反  calculated, deliberate, intended, intentional, planned, premeditated 有计划的，有预谋的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 疏忽的，不留意的： marked by unintentional lack of care
A: ♣例  The military has said it was an inadvertent error. 军方表示这是个疏忽大意的错误
A: ♣近  careless, feckless, heedless, irreflective, thoughtless, uncaring
A: ♣反  advertent, careful, heedful, mindful 留意的，小心的

Q:inalienable  [in'eiljənəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj.不可剥夺的，不能让与的： cannot be transferred to another or others
A: ♣例  inalienable rights of the citizen 公民不可予夺的权利
A: ♣近  untransferable
A: ♣反  alienable 可与让的

Q:inane  [i'nein]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 空洞的： lacking significance, meaning, or point
A: ♣例  inane comments 空洞的评论
A: ♣近  empty, insubstantial, pointless, senseless
A: ♣反  meaningful, significant 有意义的；deep, profound 深刻的

Q:inanimate  [in'ænimət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无生命的： not having the qualities associated with active, living organisms
A: ♣例  He thinks that inanimate objects have a life of their own. 他认为无生命的事物其实也是有生命的
A: ♣近  dead, lifeless, insensible, insentient, senseless, unfeeling
A: ♣反  animate, living 有生命的

Q:inaugurate  [i'nɔ:ɡjureit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使就职： to induct into an office by a formal ceremony
A: ♣例  A new leader will be inaugurated soon. 新的领导即将就职
A: ♣近  induct, initiate, install, instate, invest, seat
A: ♣反  abdicate, resign 辞职，退位
A: ♠考法2  vt. 开始： to cause to begin, especially officially or formally
A: ♣例  inaugurate a new immigration policy 实施新的移民政策
A: ♣近  begin, commence, establish, institute, introduce, launch, open, plant, start
A: ♣反  cease, close, end, terminate 结束
A: ♣派  inauguration n. 就职，开始

Q:incandescent  [,inkæn'desənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 明亮灿烂的： strikingly bright, radiant, or clear
A: ♣例  incandescent light bulbs 明亮的灯泡
A: ♣近  beaming, brilliant, dazzling, effulgent, glowing, lucent, luminous, lustrous, radiant, refulgent, shining
A: ♣反  dim, dull, lackluster 黯淡的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 热情饱满的： characterized by glowing zeal
A: ♣例  It makes me incandescent with fury. 它让我愤怒不已
A: ♣近  ardent, demonstrative, emotional, fervid, impassioned, passionate, torrid, vehement
A: ♣反  cold, cool, dispassionate, emotionless, impassive, unemotional 无感情的，漠然的

Q:incantation  [,inkæn'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 咒语： a spoken word or set of words believed to have magic power
A: ♣例  Hovering over the sick child, the witch doctor muttered mysterious incantations. 巫医在生病的小孩子身边走来走去，嘴里念着神秘的咒语
A: ♣近  abracadabra, bewitchment, charm, conjuration, enchantment, glamour, hex, invocation

Q:incarnate  [in'kɑ:neit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 化身的，人体化的： invested with bodily nature and form
A: ♣例  He referred to her as devil incarnate. 他把她视作恶魔的化身
A: ♣近  embodied, materialized, personified, typified
A: ♠考法2  v. （思想、理论的）具化，体现： to constitute an embodiment or type of
A: ♣例  the general view that Hitler incarnated extreme egotism 通常认为希特勒代表了极端的以自我为中心
A: ♣近  epitomize, incorporate, manifest, materialize, personalize, personify, substantiate, symbolize
A: ♣反  disembody 使（灵魂等）脱离躯体
A: ♣派  incarnation n. 化身

Q:incendiary  [in'sendjəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 煽动者： a person who stirs up public feelings especially of discontent
A: ♣例  behind-the-scenes incendiaries who were intending to overthrow the government 企图推翻政府的幕后煽动者
A: ♣近  demagogue, exciter, firebrand, fomenter, inciter, instigator, kindler, provocateur
A: ♠考法2  adj. 煽动性的： tending to inflame
A: ♣例  an incendiary speech 煽动性的演说
A: ♣近  agitational, instigative, provocative, seditious
A: ♣反  conciliatory, pacific 安抚性的

Q:incense  ['insens]
A: ♠考法1  n. 芳香： a sweet or pleasant smell
A: ♣例  the heavenly incense of spring flowers 春天花朵发出的美妙芳香
A: ♣近  aroma, balm, bouquet, fragrancy, perfume, redolence, scent, spice
A: ♣反  fetor, malodor, reek, stench, stink 恶臭
A: ♠考法2  vt. 激怒： to cause to be extremely angry
A: ♣例  This proposal will certainly incense female activists. 这个提案肯定会激怒女权主义者
A: ♣近  aggravate, enrage, exasperate,inflame, infuriate, ire, madden, outrage, rankle, rile, roil
A: ♣反  delight, gratify, please 取悦；appease, conciliate, mollify, pacify, placate, propitiate, soothe 缓和

Q:incentive  [in'sentiv]
A: ♠考法1  n. 刺激，诱因： something that incites or has a tendency to incite to determination or action
A: ♣例  The handsome reward for the missing wallet was an incentive for me to start looking. 找到丢失钱包的可观报酬激励我展开搜寻。‖A little bonus will give employees an incentive to work harder. 一点点奖金就可以刺激雇员更加努力地工作。
A: ♣近  boost, goad, impetus, incitement, instigation, momentum, motivation, motive, provocation, spur, stimulant, stimulus, yeast
A: ♣反  deterrent, disincentive 抑制剂，阻碍物

Q:inception  [in'sepʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 开端，开始： an act, process, or instance of beginning
A: ♣例  This seemed like a good program at its inception, but it isn't working out as planned. 一开始这像是个不错的项目，但是它没有按照我们的预期发展
A: ♣近  beginning, birth, commencement, dawn, genesis, kickoff, launch, nascence, onset, outset, start, threshold
A: ♣反  close, conclusion, end, termination,omega 结束，终止
A: ♣派  inceptive adj. 开端的，初生的

Q:incessant  [in'sesənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无间断的：continuing or following without interruption
A: ♣例  The incessant noise from an outside repair crew was a real distraction during the test. 窗外维修工发出的持续不断的噪音着实让人在考试里分心
A: ♣近  ceaseless, continual, nonstop, perpetual, running, unbroken, unceasing, uninterrupted, unremitting
A: ♣反  interrupted 中断的；discontinuous, intermittent有间断的

Q:inch  [intʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 少量，很短的距离： a very small distance or degree
A: ♣例  give them aninch, and they'll take a mile 得寸进尺‖Inch by inch, we're making progress toward our fund-raising goal. 我们在慢慢地接近筹款的目标
A: ♣近  ace, hairbreadth, skip, neck, step
A: ♠考法2  v. 慢慢移动： to move or cause to move slowly or by small degrees
A: ♣例  The car inched carefully across the snow-covered bridge. 汽车慢慢地通过被大雪覆盖的桥梁
A: ♣近  crawl, creak, creep, limp, plod, slouch, snail
A: ♣反  dart, fleet, flit, scurry 飞奔，疾行

Q:inchoate  [in'kəuit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 新生的： in an initial or early stage
A: ♣例  inchoate feelings of affection for a man 刚刚产生的好感
A: ♣近  aborning, beginning, inceptive, incipient, initial, nascent
A: ♣反  adult, full-blown, full-fledged, mature, ripe 成熟的，成型的；moribund 将死的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 未完全成型的： imperfectly formed or developed
A: ♣例  a vague, inchoate notion 模糊而不成形的想法
A: ♣近  amorphous, formless, shapeless, undeveloped, unformed, unshaped

Q:incinerate  [in'sinəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 烧成灰烬： to cause to burn to ashes
A: ♣例  The government is trying to stop farmers incinerating their own waste. 政府开始阻止农民们焚烧垃圾的行为
A: ♣近  burn, carbonize
A: ♣反  douse, extinguish, quench, put out 扑灭
A: ♣派  incineration n. 焚化

Q:incipient  [in'sipiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 起初的，初现的： beginning to come into being or to become apparent
A: ♣例  an incipient economic recovery 刚刚出现的经济复苏
A: ♣近  aborning, beginning, inceptive, inchoate,initial, nascent
A: ♣反  adult, full-blown, full-fledged, mature, ripe 成熟的，成型的；moribund 将死的

Q:incite  [in'sait]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 煽动，激起： to provoke and urge on
A: ♣例  inciting workers to strike 煽动工人罢工
A: ♣近  arouse, abet, foment, instigate, pick, provoke, raise, stir
A: ♣反  dampen, deter, discourage, dishearten, dissuade 劝阻

Q:inclement  [in'klemənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （天气等）恶劣的： lacking mildness
A: ♣例  inclement weather conditions 恶劣的气象条件
A: ♣近  bleak, harsh, severe, stormy, tempestuous
A: ♣反  bright, clear, cloudless, fair, sunny, sunshiny, unclouded 天气晴好的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无情的，严酷的： showing no clemency; unmerciful
A: ♣近  bitter, brutal, intemperate, rigorous
A: ♣反  charitable, clement, lenient, merciful 仁慈的
A: ♣派  inclemency n. 严酷无情

Q:incogitant  [in'kɔdʒitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 考虑不周的，不体谅的： thoughtless; inconsiderate
A: ♣例  an incogitant litterbug 不体谅人的乱扔垃圾者
A: ♣近  discourteous, disrespectful, ill-mannered, impertinent, inconsiderate, rude, thoughtless, ungracious
A: ♣反  civil, considerate, courteous, genteel, gracious, thoughtful 体谅他人的，举止得体的

Q:incongruent  [in'kɔŋɡruənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不一致的： not conforming to the circumstances or requirements of a situation
A: ♣例  Two triangles are incongruent. 两个三角形不全等。
A: ♣近  conflicting, discordant, discrepant, dissonant, incompatible, incongruous, inconsonant
A: ♣反  congruent, congruous, consistent 一致的

Q:inconsequential  [,inkɔnsi'kwenʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不合逻辑的： not using or following good reasoning
A: ♣例  an inconsequential line of argument 不合逻辑的论述
A: ♣近  fallacious, illogical, invalid, irrational, unreasonable, unsound, weak
A: ♣反  logical, rational, reasonable, sound, valid, well-founded, well-grounded 有理的，论证有力的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不重要的： of no significance
A: ♣例  That's an inconsequential problem compared to the other issues. 和其他问题相比，这就是个无关痛痒的小事
A: ♣近  fiddling, frivolous, inconsiderable, insignificant, minor, minute, negligible, nugatory, petty, slight, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, eventful, important, meaningful, momentous, significant, substantial, weighty 重要的

Q:incontrovertible  [,inkɔntrə'və:tibl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无可争议的： not open to question
A: ♣例  incontrovertible facts 无可非议的事实
A: ♣近  certain, inarguable, incontestable, indisputable, indubitable, positive, sure, undeniable, unquestionable
A: ♣反  arguable, controversial, debatable, disputable, problematic, questionable, refutable 有争议的
A: ♣派  incontrovertibility n. 无可争议

Q:incorrigible  [in'kɔridʒəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不可救药的，积习难改的： incapable of being corrected or amended
A: ♣例  an incorrigible criminal deserving death penalty 一个应该被判死刑的恶习难改的罪犯
A: ♣近  incurable, irrecoverable, irredeemable, irremediable, irretrievable, unrecoverable, unredeemable
A: ♣反  curable, reclaimable, recoverable, redeemable, remediable, retrievable, savable 可以拯救的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无法管制的： difficult or impossible to control or manage
A: ♣例  an incorrigible, spoiled child 被宠坏了的难管的孩子
A: ♣近  headstrong, intractable, obstinate, refractory, stubborn, unmanageable, unruly, willful
A: ♣反  compliant, docile, manageable, obedient, submissive, tractable 顺从的

Q:incriminate  [in'krimineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 归罪于： to accuse of a crime or other wrongful act
A: ♣例  incriminate innocent people 诬陷好人
A: ♣近  charge, criminate ,impeach, indict
A: ♣反  absolve, acquit, exculpate, exonerate, vindicate 免罪

Q:incubate  ['inkjubeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 孵化： to cover and warm eggs as the young inside develop
A: ♣例  The hen incubated her eggs for two weeks. 母鸡孵蛋两周
A: ♣近  brood, hatch, sit
A: ♠考法2  vt. 帮助，培养，促进： to cause or aid the development of
A: ♣例  Hopefully, these youthful visits to the museum will incubate an enduring love of art. 我们希望年轻时参观博物馆能够培养他们对于艺术的持久热爱
A: ♣近  advance, cultivate, encourage, forward, further, nourish, nurse, nurture, promote
A: ♣反  check, discourage, frustrate, hinder, impede, inhibit, obstruct, retard, shackle 妨碍，阻碍
A: ♣派  incubator n. 恒温箱；incubation n. 孵化，孵卵

Q:inculpate  ['inkʌlpeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt.归罪于： incriminate
A: ♣近  charge, criminate, inculpate, indict
A: ♣反  absolve, acquit, exculpate, exonerate, vindicate 免罪

Q:incumbent  [in'kʌmbənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 义不容辞的，必须的： imposed as an obligation or duty
A: ♣例  It is incumbent upon individuals to sacrifice for their country when it is in danger. 当国家受难时，个人应该义不容辞地为国做出牺牲。‖It is incumbent upon the press to act not in its own best interests, but in society's best interests. 对于媒体来说，为社会的利益（而非自身利益）服务是其应尽的义务。
A: ♣近  compulsory, forced, imperative, incumbent, involuntary, necessary, obligatory, peremptory, required
A: ♣反  elective, optional, voluntary 可选择的

Q:incursion  [in'kə:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n.入侵： a hostile entrance into a territory
A: ♣例  homes damaged by the incursion of floodwater 被洪水入侵破坏的房屋
A: ♣近  foray, inroad, invasion, irruption, raid
A: ♣反  retreat, withdrawal 撤退

Q:indecorous  [in'dekərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不合乎礼节的，不得体的： conflicting with accepted standards of good conduct or good taste
A: ♣例  How can you make such an indecorous joke for a solemn moment in the marriage ceremony ? 你怎么能在庄严肃穆的结婚典礼上开那样一个不得体的玩笑呢？
A: ♣近  amiss, graceless, improper, inapposite, infelicitous, malapropos, perverse, unbecoming, unfit, unseemly, unsuitable, wrong
A: ♣反  appropriate, becoming, befitting, decorous, felicitous, fit, genteel, meet, proper, seemly, suitable 得体的，合乎礼节的

Q:indelible  [in'deləbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （印记等）无法擦除的： impossible to remove, erase, or wash away
A: ♣例  indelible ink 难以擦拭的墨水
A: ♣近  ineffaceable, ineradicable, inerasable, ingrained
A: ♣反  eradicable, erasable, removable, washable 可抹去的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无法忘怀的： not easily forgotten
A: ♣例  most indelible experiences 最难以磨灭的经历
A: ♣近  impressive, memorable, unforgettable
A: ♣反  forgettable 容易被忘记的

Q:indemnity  [in'demnəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （损害、伤害等的）保险补偿： compensation for damage, loss, or injury suffered
A: ♣例  The widow now lives on a pension and an indemnity from her late husband's company. 这个寡妇如今依靠社保和前夫公司的保险赔偿过日
A: ♣近  compensation, indemnification, quittance, recompense, redress, remuneration, reparation, requital

Q:indict  [in'dait]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 起诉，控告： to accuse of wrongdoing; charge
A: ♣例  indict the mayor for fraud and embezzlement. 起诉市长受贿和挪用公款
A: ♣近  charge, criminate, impeach, incriminate
A: ♣反  absolve, acquit, exculpate, exonerate, vindicate 免罪

Q:indifferent  [in'difərənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 公平的： marked by impartiality
A: ♣例  They believed their art teacher could offer an indifferent judgment on their works' merits. 他们相信艺术老师会对他们作品的价值做出公正的评价
A: ♣近  disinterested, equal, impartial, just, nonpartisan, objective, unbiased, unprejudiced
A: ♣反  biased, one-sided, partial, prejudiced 有偏好的；unjust 不公平的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （质量、档次等）中规中矩的，一般的： of average to below average quality
A: ♣例  an indifferent but drinkable cup of coffee 一杯尚可入口的咖啡
A: ♣近  average, common, fair, intermediate, mediocre, medium, moderate, ordinary, passable, so-so
A: ♣反  exceptional, extraordinary 极好的；inferior, poor 低档次的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 不感兴趣的，冷漠的： marked by a lack of interest, enthusiasm, or concern for something
A: ♣例  indifferent about the result of CET-4 对四级成绩不感兴趣
A: ♣近  aloof, apathetic, detached, incurious, nonchalant, numb, pococurante, remote, unconcerned, uninterested
A: ♣反  attentive, concerned, interested 关切的，有兴趣的
A: ♣派  indifference n. 漠然

Q:indigenous  [in'didʒinəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 土产的，本地的： originating and living or occurring naturally in an area or environment
A: ♣例  the culture of the indigenous people of that country 那个国家原著民的文化
A: ♣近  aboriginal, endemic, native
A: ♣反  exotic, extraneous, foreign外来的；nonnative 非本地的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 与生俱来的，先天的： being a part of the innermost nature of a person or thing
A: ♣例  The drive to create is indigenous to humanity. 人类创造的动力是与生俱来的
A: ♣近  constitutional, essential, immanent, inborn, inbred, ingrained, innate, integral, intrinsic, natural
A: ♣反  adventitious, extrinsic 外在的；acquired, studied 后天习得的

Q:indigent  ['indidʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贫穷的： lacking money or material possessions
A: ♣例  indigent people who require some outside assistance 需要外来援助的贫苦人民
A: ♣近  beggared, destitute, impecunious, impoverished, necessitous, needy, penniless, penurious, threadbare
A: ♣反  affluent, opulent, rich, wealthy 富裕的
A: ♣派  indigence n. 贫穷

Q:indispensable  [,indis'pensəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 必不可少的，不可或缺的： impossible to do without
A: ♣例  She was becoming indispensible to him. 对他而言她逐渐变得不可替代
A: ♣近  critical, crucial, imperative, necessary, necessitous, needed, required, requisite, vital
A: ♣反  dispensable 可替代的；redundant, superfluous, surplus 多余的

Q:indoctrinate  [in'dɔktrineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 教育，灌输思想： to instruct especially in fundamentals or rudiments
A: ♣例  indoctrinate students with the notion of egalitarianism 向学生灌输平等主义的思想
A: ♣近  educate, instruct, lesson, teach, train, tutor
A: ♣反  learn, study 学习

Q:indolent  ['indələnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 懒惰的： averse to activity, effort, or movement
A: ♣例  The sweltering afternoon made us indolent. 炎热的午后使我们懒散不愿行动
A: ♣近  lazy, idle, shiftless, slothful, sluggish
A: ♣反  diligent, industrious 勤奋的
A: ♣派  indolence n. 懒惰

Q:inducement  [in'dju:smənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 动机，刺激源： a motive or consideration that leads one to action
A: ♣例  offered an expensive watch as an inducement to ratify the proposal 赠送名贵手表以求计划得到批准
A: ♣近  goad, impulse, incentive, motive, spur, stimulus
A: ♣反  deterrent 抑制物
A: ♠考法2  n.劝说，游说： the act of reasoning or pleading with someone to accept a belief or course of action
A: ♣例  He gave up smoking only after a prolonged inducement by all the other family members. 在所有家庭成员坚持不懈的劝说之下，他终于愿意戒烟了
A: ♣近  conversion, convincing, persuading, suasion
A: ♣派  induce v. 导致，产生

Q:indulgent  [in'dʌldʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （对己）放纵的，（对他人）纵容的： showing, characterized by, or given to indulgence
A: ♣例  indulgent aristocrats 生活放纵的贵族
A: ♣近  decadent, forbearing, lenient, luxurious, tolerant, sybaritic
A: ♣反  ascetic 禁欲的；draconian 严酷的
A: ♣派  indulgence n. 放纵

Q:indurate  ['indjuəreit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 铁石心肠的，冷酷无情的： having or showing a lack of sympathy or tender feelings
A: ♣例  an indurate heart that admits no love or mercy 一颗不认可爱或仁慈的冷酷心灵
A: ♣近  affectless, callous, heartless, inhumane, merciless, obdurate, pitiless, ruthless, unsparing, cold-blooded
A: ♣反  charitable, compassionate, humane, kindhearted, merciful, tender 仁慈的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使变硬： to become physically firm or solid
A: ♣例  Great heat indurates clay. 高温使黏土变硬
A: ♣近  concrete, congeal, firm, freeze, set, solidify
A: ♣反  liquefy 液化；soften 柔化
A: ♠考法3  vt. 使习惯于：使习惯于，如艰苦或尴尬之境况： to make able to withstand physical hardship, strain, or exposure
A: ♣例  Such a brutal upbringing could only callous his soul and indurate his heart to the suffering of others. 这样一种残暴的培养方式只会让他的灵魂变得麻木，让他的心灵对于他人所受的折磨无动于衷
A: ♣近  fortify, inure, season, steel, strengthen, toughen
A: ♣反  enfeeble, weaken, undermine 弱化，使虚弱

Q:industrious  [in'dʌstriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勤勉的： constantly, regularly, or habitually occupied, diligent
A: ♣例  The industrious PhD spends all his summer holiday in the laboratory. 勤奋的博士整个暑假都在做实验
A: ♣近  assiduous, busy, diligent, sedulous
A: ♣反  indolent, lazy, slothful 懒惰的
A: ♣派  industriousness n. 勤奋

Q:ineffable  [in'efəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难以表达的： incapable of being expressed
A: ♣例  ineffable ecstasy 无法用语言表达的狂喜
A: ♣近  indefinable, indescribable, inexpressible, unspeakable, unutterable
A: ♣反  communicable 可传达的；expressible 可描述的
A: ♣派  ineffability n. 不可描述性

Q:ineluctable  [,ini'lʌktəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj.无法逃避的，必然的： not to be avoided, changed, or resisted
A: ♣例  Although death is an ineluctable fate for any and every individual organism, it lays the foundation of the metabolism that perpetuates the planetary ecosystem. 尽管死亡对于任何单个的有机体而言是不可避免的宿命，但它奠定了能使整个行星生态系统永不衰竭的新陈代谢的基础
A: ♣近  certain, inescapable, inevasible, inevitable, unavoidable
A: ♣反  avoidable, evadable 可避免的；uncertain, unsure （结果等）不确定的
A: ♣派  ineluctability n. 不可避免

Q:inept  [i'nept]
A: ♠考法1  adj.愚笨的，荒谬的： displaying a lack of judgment, sense, or reason
A: ♣例  an inept and irresponsible remark on his paper 对他文章的荒谬而不负责任的评论
A: ♣近  absurd, foolish, fatuous, preposterous, stupid, witless, unwise
A: ♣反  judicious, prudent sagacious, sapient, smart, wise 聪明的，明智的
A: ♠考法2  adj.不恰当的，不合时宜的： not appropriate for a particular occasion or situation
A: ♣近  amiss, graceless, improper, inapposite, infelicitous, malapropos, perverse, unseemly, unsuitable
A: ♣反  appropriate, becoming, felicitous, fitting, genteel, proper, seemly, suitable 恰当的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 不称职的，无能力的： generally incompetent
A: ♣例  a hopelessly inept defense attorney 严重不靠谱的辩护律师
A: ♣近  incapable, inexpert, unfitted, unskillful, unqualified
A: ♣反  capable, competent 有能力的；proficient, masterful 精通的，技艺精湛的
A: ♣派  ineptitude n. 不合适

Q:inert  [i'nə:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （人）懒惰缺乏活力的；（物品）惰性的： sluggish in action or motion; deficient in active properties
A: ♣例  inert ingredients in drugs 药品中的惰性成分
A: ♣近  dead, dormant, lethargic, idle, inactive, passive, torpid
A: ♣反  active, dynamic 充满活力的；passionate 饱含激情的
A: ♣派  inertia n. 惰性

Q:inevitable  [in'evitəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不可避免的，必然的： incapable of being avoided or evaded
A: ♣例  The impact of the scandal on the election was inevitable. 丑闻对于选举的冲击是不可避免的
A: ♣近  certain, ineluctable, inescapable, inevasible, sure, unalterable, unavoidable
A: ♣反  evitable, avoidable 可避免的；uncertain, unsure 不确定的
A: ♣派  inevitability n. 必然性

Q:inexorable  [in'eksərəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无法劝阻的，不为所动的： not to be persuaded, moved, or stopped
A: ♣例  the seemingly inexorable rise in unemployment 看起来无法阻止其高攀的失业率
A: ♣近  inflexible, adamant, obdurate, relentless, rigid, unyielding
A: ♣反  flexible 易受影响的；yielding 屈服的
A: ♣派  inexorably adv. 势不可挡地

Q:infamous  ['infəməs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 臭名昭著的： having an extremely and deservedly bad reputation
A: ♣例  an infamous city for smuggling and prostitution 因走私而和卖淫而臭名昭著的城市
A: ♣近  notorious, opprobrious
A: ♣反  distinguished, esteemed, prestigious, reputable 声名显赫的，受尊敬的
A: ♣派  infamy n. 声名狼藉

Q:infatuate  [in'fætjueit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使迷恋： to inspire with unreasoning love or attachment
A: ♣例  a na?ve girl infatuated by cajolery 被甜言蜜语冲昏头脑的天真女孩
A: ♣近  allure, captivate, bewitch, enchant, fascinate
A: ♣反  disgust 使反感
A: ♣派  infatuation n. 迷恋

Q:infelicitous  [,infi'lisitəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不愉快的，不幸的： not happy; unfortunate
A: ♣例  an infelicitous moment 不幸的时刻
A: ♣近  hapless, ill-fated, luckless, unfortunate, unhappy
A: ♣反  happy 幸运的，令人高兴的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不适当的，不合时宜的： not appropriate or well-timed
A: ♣例  made a very infelicitous remark 做出极不恰当的评价
A: ♣近  inappropriate, indecorous, inept, malapropos, unfit, unseemly
A: ♣反  apt, appropriate, becoming, proper 合适的
A: ♣派  infelicity n. 不恰当

Q:inferno  [in'fə:nəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大火： an intense fire
A: ♣例  A raging inferno posed a serious threat to the downwind villages. 肆虐的大火给下风向的村庄带来了严重的威胁
A: ♣近  conflagration, holocaust
A: ♠考法2  n. 地狱： a place or a state that resembles or suggests hell
A: ♣例  the inferno of war 地狱般的战场
A: ♣近  hell, underworld
A: ♣反  paradise, heaven, nirvana 天堂，乐土

Q:infiltrate  ['infiltreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 秘密潜入： to enter or take up positions in gradually or surreptitiously, as for purposes of espionage or takeover
A: ♣例  The intelligence staff had been infiltrated by spies. 情报工作人员已经被间谍渗透了
A: ♣近  creep, insinuate, penetrate, sneak, slip
A: ♣反  abscond 潜逃
A: ♣派  infiltration n. 潜入，渗透

Q:infinite  ['infinət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无尽的，无限的： having no boundaries or limits
A: ♣例  the idea of an infinite universe 无限宇宙的概念
A: ♣近  endless, boundless, limitless, immeasurable, unfathomable
A: ♣反  finite 有限的；bounded, circumscribed, confined, definite, limited, restricted 有界限的，受限的
A: ♣派  infinity n. 无限

Q:infirm  [in'fə:m]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚弱的： weak in body, especially from old age or disease
A: ♣例  her aging, infirm husband 她上了年纪、身体虚弱的丈夫
A: ♣近  debilitated, effete, enervated, feeble, frail, languid, sapped, unsubstantial
A: ♣反  hale, mighty, powerful, rugged, stalwart, stout, strong 强壮的，有力的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不果断的，优柔寡断的： lacking firmness of will, character, or purpose
A: ♣例  She has little patience with the “infirm of purpose”. 她对那些优柔寡断的人没什么耐心
A: ♣近  faltering, irresolute, vacillating, wavering
A: ♣反  resolute 果断的

Q:inflame  [in'fleim]
A: ♠考法1  v. 点燃： to set on fire
A: ♣例  A carelessly tossed cigarette inflamed the papers in the trash can. 一只被随意丢弃的香烟点燃了垃圾桶中的纸
A: ♣近  enflame, enkindle, fire, ignite, kindle, light, torch
A: ♣反  douse, extinguish, quench, put out 熄灭，扑灭
A: ♠考法2  v. 使加剧：to make more violent
A: ♣例  Retaliation served only to inflame the feud. 冤冤相报何时了
A: ♣近  aggravate, enrage, exacerbate, intensify, ire, irritate, provoke, rile, vex
A: ♣反  assuage, mitigate, mollify, pacify, placate, subdue 平息

Q:influx  ['inflʌks]
A: ♠考法1  n. 涌入： a coming in
A: ♣例  They anticipated an influx of tourists next month. 他们预期下个月会有大批游客涌入
A: ♣近  affluence, flux, income, inflow, inpouring, inrush
A: ♣反  exodus 大批离去；outflow, outpouring 流出

Q:infraction  [in'frækʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 违背，违犯： a failure to uphold the requirements of law, duty, or obligation
A: ♣例  Speeding is only a minor infraction, but vehicular homicide is a serious felony. 超速只是小的违章，但是用机动车故意杀人就是重罪了。
A: ♣近  breach, contravention, infringement, transgression, trespass, violation
A: ♣反  observance 遵守

Q:infuriate  [in'fjuərieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激怒： to make furious
A: ♣例  be infuriated by the deliberate insults 被蓄意的中伤激怒
A: ♣近  aggravate, enrage, exasperate, incense, ire, madden, umbrage
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, pacify, placate, propitiate 平息，安抚；delight, gratify, please 取悦，讨好
A: ♣派  infuriated adj. 被激怒的

Q:infuse  [in'fju:z]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 灌输，使…充满： to fill or cause to be filled with something
A: ♣例  New members infused enthusiasm into the club. 新队员为俱乐部注入了激情
A: ♣近  endue, imbue, implant, ingrain, instill, permeate, suffuse, steep
A: ♣反  extract 提取
A: ♠考法2  vt. 鼓舞： inspire, animate
A: ♣例  a sense of purpose that infuses scientific researchers 给科学研究者打鸡血一般的使命感
A: ♣近  animate, exalt, motivate, stimulate
A: ♣派  infusion n. 注入

Q:ingenious  [in'dʒi:njəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 聪明的，有创造才能的： marked by originality, resourcefulness, and cleverness in conception or execution
A: ♣例  Ingenious designers soon came up with a solution to the battery problem. 聪明的设计者们很快便提出了电池问题的解决方案
A: ♣近  artful, clever, imaginative, innovative, inventive, original
A: ♣反  awkward 笨拙的；uncreative, unimaginative 无创造力或想象力的

Q:ingenuity  [,indʒi'nju:əti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 独创性，创新性： inventive skill or imagination
A: ♣例  There is little ingenuity in his articles. 他的文章鲜有独创性
A: ♣近  creativeness, innovativeness, inventiveness, originality
A: ♣反  banality, cliché 陈词滥调
A: ♣派  ingenuous 真挚的

Q:ingenuous  [in'dʒenjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 天真淳朴的： lacking in cunning, guile, or worldliness
A: ♣例  Photographs captured the ingenuous smiles of young children at play. 摄影家捕捉到了演出中孩子们天真无邪的笑脸
A: ♣近  artless, innocent, guileless, na?ve, simple, unaffected, unpretending, unsophisticated
A: ♣反  artful, cunning, sly 狡猾的；assuming, hypocritical 虚伪做作的；sophisticated, worldly 世故的，老练的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 坦白的： openly straightforward or frank
A: ♣例  her ingenuous thirst for knowledge 她对知识毫不掩饰的渴望
A: ♣近  candid, frank, open, plain, unconcealed
A: ♣反  ambiguous, equivocal, evasive 含糊其辞的

Q:ingest  [in'dʒest]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 摄入，咽下： to take into the body by the mouth for digestion or absorption
A: ♣例  claims that the average person ingests considerably more calories than is necessary or desirable 宣称每个人平均摄取的卡路里大大超出了所需或者适当的范围
A: ♣近  eat, consume, devour, intake
A: ♣反  evacuate, expel 排出；vomit 呕吐
A: ♣派  ingestion n. 摄取

Q:ingrained  [,in'ɡreind]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 本质的，根深蒂固的： forming a part of the essence or inmost being; firmly established
A: ♣例  ingrained prejudice against foreigners 对外国人根深蒂固的偏见
A: ♣近  constitutional, immanent, inborn, indigenous, inherent, innate, intrinsic
A: ♣反  adventitious 外来的，偶然的；extraneous, extrinsic 非本质的，外在的
A: ♣派  ingrain 灌输，使根深蒂固

Q:ingratiating  [in'ɡreiʃieitiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 讨人喜欢的： capable of winning favor
A: ♣例  They adopted the orphan who had a most ingratiating smile. 他们收养了那名有着最惹人喜欢的笑容的孤儿
A: ♣近  disarming, endearing, insinuating, winsome
A: ♣反  disagreeable 令人厌恶的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 逢迎的，意在奉承的： intended or adopted in order to gain favor
A: ♣例  an repulsive ingratiating smile 令人反感的阿谀奉承的微笑
A: ♣近  adulatory, deferential, fawning, flattering, toady
A: ♣派  ingratiate v. 讨好

Q:inherent  [in'hiərənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 内在的，本质的： involved in the constitution or essential character of something
A: ♣例  a disposition inherent in human nature 人性内在的倾向
A: ♣近  constitutional, elemental, essential, inborn, ingrained, innate, intrinsic
A: ♣反  adventitious 外来的，偶然的；extraneous, extrinsic 外在的
A: ♣派  inherently adv. 内在地

Q:inimical  [i'nimikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 带有敌意的： reflecting or indicating hostility
A: ♣例  a cold, inimical voice 冰冷而不友好的声音
A: ♣近  antagonistic, hostile, opposing, unfriendly
A: ♣反  amiable, amicable, friendly, hospitable 友好的；amenable 服从的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 危及某人利益的，不利的： opposed to one's interests
A: ♣例  Laws were designed to enhance national security but some regard as inimical to cherished freedoms. 法律旨在维护国家安全，但有人认为它危及了人们最为珍贵的权力——自由
A: ♣近  counter, disadvantageous, negative, prejudicial, unfavorable
A: ♣反  advantageous, favorable, positive, supportive, well-disposed 有利的，利好的

Q:inimitable  [i'nimitəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无法仿效的，独特的： not capable of being imitated
A: ♣例  her own inimitable style 她特立独行的作风
A: ♣近  incomparable, matchless, peerless, unique, unparalleled
A: ♣反  commonplace, ordinary 平凡的
A: ♣派  inimitability n. 独特性

Q:iniquity  [i'nikwəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 邪恶，不公正： gross immorality or injustice
A: ♣例  The use of illegal narcotics is not only a destroyer of personal health but also an iniquity that undermines our society. 非法的毒品不仅仅摧残着个人健康，还是一颗危害社会的毒瘤
A: ♣近  corruption, depravity, debauchery, evil, infamy, sin, unfairness, wickedness
A: ♣反  integrity, rectitude 正直；virtue 美德；disinterestedness 公正

Q:initiate  [i'niʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 创始，发动促进： to cause or facilitate the beginning of
A: ♣例  a chain reaction initiated by UV irradiation 紫外光激发引起的连锁反应
A: ♣近  begin, start, commence, inaugurate, introduce, launch
A: ♣反  terminate 终止
A: ♠考法2  n. 刚入门的新手： a person who is undergoing or has undergone an initiation
A: ♣近  apprentice, beginner, novice, rookie, tyro
A: ♣反  veteran 身经百战的人
A: ♣派  initiative 主动性，首创精神

Q:inkling  ['iŋkliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 轻微暗示，小提示： a slight indication or suggestion
A: ♣例  They hadn't given us an inkling of what was going to happen. 他们不给我们任何暗示将会发生什么
A: ♣近  clue, cue, hint
A: ♠考法2  n. 略知： a slight knowledge or vague notion
A: ♣例  not have even the faintest inkling of what the project was all about 对这个项目与什么有关毫不知情
A: ♣近  glimmer
A: ♣反  insight 深刻理解

Q:innocuous  [i'nɔkjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无害的： producing no injury
A: ♣例  The government enacted a more strict regulation on innocuous preservatives. 政府对无害防腐剂制定了更为严格的规定
A: ♣近  anodyne, benign, harmless, inoffensive, nontoxic, safe
A: ♣反  damaging, detrimental, harmful, injurious, noxious, pernicious 有害的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 乏味的，不会引起敌意的： not likely to give offense or to arouse strong feelings or hostility
A: ♣例  He made an innocuous remark to avoid conflict. 为了避免冲突，他做了一个中庸的评价
A: ♣近  bland, inoffensive, insipid, neutral, sapless
A: ♣反  provoking 刺激性的

Q:innovative  ['inəuveitiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 创新性的： characterized by, tending to, or introducing innovations
A: ♣例  an innovative macro-economic strategy 创新性的宏观经济战略
A: ♣近  creative, ingenious, inventive, original
A: ♣反  conservative, hidebound 保守的
A: ♣派  innovation n. 创新

Q:inquisitive  [in'kwizətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过分好奇的： inordinately or improperly curious about the affairs of others
A: ♣例  big sunglasses to frustrate inquisitive journalists 让狗仔队企图无法得逞的大墨镜
A: ♣近  curious, inquiring, investigative, prying
A: ♣反  indifferent , unconcerned, uninterested 不感兴趣的；incurious 无好奇心的
A: ♣派  inquisitiveness n. 好奇

Q:insensible  [in'sensəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无知觉的： having lost consciousness, especially temporarily
A: ♣例  The security guard was knocked insensible by a sudden blow. 保安被突如其来的一击敲晕了
A: ♣近  anesthetic, insensate, senseless, unfeeling, unconscious
A: ♣反  conscious 神志清醒的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 漠不关心的： not emotionally responsive
A: ♣例  insensible to workers’ requests对工人的要求无动于衷
A: ♣近  apathetic, bloodless, callous, dull, impassive, indifferent, nonchalant, phlegmatic
A: ♣反  concerned 关切的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 粗俗的，没品味的： lacking in refinement or good taste
A: ♣例  She married an insensible brute upon whom the niceties of life were completely lost.她嫁给了一个毫无品味的凡夫俗子，从此她的生活再无任何情趣
A: ♣近  crass, crude, incult, lowbred, tasteless, uncouth, uncultivated, uncultured, unpolished, unrefined, vulgar
A: ♣反  civilized, cultivated, cultured, genteel, polished, refined, smooth, tasteful 有品位的

Q:insensitive  [in'sensətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏机智圆滑的，缺乏社交技巧的： lacking tact
A: ♣例  so insensitive as to laugh at someone in pain 如此缺乏社交技巧以至于嘲笑处于悲痛中的人
A: ♣近  gauche, impolite, insensible, tactless
A: ♣反  considerate 为他人着想的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不敏感的，麻木的： not responsive or susceptible
A: ♣例  insensitive to either criticism or commendation 对批评和表扬都不在乎
A: ♣近  anesthetized, dead, numb, senseless, unfeeling
A: ♣反  sensitive, tender 敏感的

Q:insentient  [in'senʃiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无感觉，无知觉的： lacking perception, consciousness, or animation
A: ♣例  He refused to believe that the universe as we know it evolved from the random interactions of insentient particles of matter. 他拒绝相信我们所知的宇宙是经由无生命的粒子间的相互作用演化而来的
A: ♣近  impassive, insensate, insensible, senseless, unresponsive
A: ♣反  perceiving, sensible, sensitive 有知觉的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 一知半解的，略懂的： not having or showing a deep understanding of something
A: ♣例  an insentient therapist who failed to see what the teenager's real problem was 一个对这名青少年的真正问题所在一知半解的医生
A: ♣近  impercipient, unwise
A: ♣反  discerning, insightful 深邃的，有洞察力的； sagacious, sage, sapient 睿智的

Q:insight  ['insait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 深刻的理解： an instance of apprehending the true nature of a thing, especially through intuitive understanding
A: ♣例  an insight into the global-scale environmental problems 对于全球性环境问题的深刻理解
A: ♣近  discernment, insight, perception, sagacity, sapience
A: ♣反  glimmer, inkling 略懂，略知一二
A: ♣派  insightful adj. 有洞察力的

Q:insipid  [in'sipid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （食品）清淡无味的： lacking flavor or zest; not tasty
A: ♣例  a rather insipid soup 味道清淡的汤
A: ♣近  flat, flavorless, mild, sapless, savorless, tasteless
A: ♣反  piquant 辛辣的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 平淡的，无聊的： lacking in qualities that interest, stimulate, or challenge
A: ♣例  an insipid story of the prince and the princess一个关于王子和公主的无聊故事
A: ♣近  banal, bland, driveling, prosaic, tedious, uninteresting, vapid
A: ♣反  enchanting 引人入胜的

Q:insolent  ['insələnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗野的，无礼的： audaciously rude or disrespectful
A: ♣例  an insolent child with no respect or regard for anyone 对他人不敬的无礼的小孩
A: ♣近  arrogant, audacious, bold, haughty, supercilious, impertinent, impudent
A: ♣反  courteous, polite 有礼貌的；respectful 恭敬的；meek, mousy, timid 胆小的
A: ♣派  insolence n. 无礼

Q:insouciant  [in'su:sjənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无忧虑的，不在乎的： free from concern, worry, or anxiety
A: ♣例  an insouciant shrug 无所谓地耸耸肩
A: ♣近  carefree, casual, indifferent, nonchalant, unconcerned
A: ♣反  anxious, careworn 焦虑的；concerned, worried 关注的，担心的
A: ♣派  insouciance n. 不在乎

Q:instate  [in'steit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 任命： to set or establish in a rank or office
A: ♣例  The new Secretary of the Treasury was instated on Monday. 新的财政部长于星期一被任命
A: ♣近  appoint, designate, inaugurate, induct, install, nominate
A: ♣反  dismiss, oust 罢免

Q:instigate  ['instiɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 煽动，激起： to goad or urge forward; to stir up
A: ♣例  This incident is instigated by a small group of people with ulterior motives. 此次事件是被少数别有用心的人煽动起来的
A: ♣近  abet, arouse, excite, foment, goad, incite, inflame, provoke, stir
A: ♣反  assuage, allay, mitigate, mollify, pacify, soothe 平息，缓和
A: ♣派  instigation n. 煽动

Q:instill  [in'stil]
A: ♠考法1  v. 慢慢滴入： to cause to enter drop by drop
A: ♣例  instill medication into the infected eye 将药物滴入患者受感染的眼中
A: ♣近  inject
A: ♣反  extract 抽取
A: ♠考法2  v. 灌输： to impart gradually
A: ♣例  instill a sense of responsibility to the young 向年轻人灌输一种责任感
A: ♣近  breed, enroot, implant, inculcate, infix, infuse, ingrain, plant, sow
A: ♣反  remove 移除
A: ♣派  instillation n. 滴入

Q:institute  ['institjut]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 创立，制定： to establish, organize, and set in operation
A: ♣例  institute a new department 创建一个新的部门
A: ♣近  begin, constitute, create, found, inaugurate, launch, start, set up
A: ♣反  abrogate, efface, rescind 废除；close, shut 关闭；phase out 淘汰
A: ♠考法2  n. 机构： an organization for the promotion of a cause
A: ♣例  a research institute 研究机构
A: ♣近  association, institution, society
A: ♣派  institution n. 习俗，制度

Q:insubordinate  [,insə'bɔ:dinət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不服从权威的： not submissiveto authority
A: ♣例  Insubordinate soldiers are court-martialed. 抗命的士兵被送上了军事法庭
A: ♣近  balky, contumacious, intractable, mutinous, recalcitrant, rebellious, refractory
A: ♣反  amenable, docile, obedient, ruly, submissive, tractable 顺从的

Q:insular  ['insjulə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （观念、想法等）孤立狭隘的： being, having, or reflecting a narrow provincial viewpoint
A: ♣例  the insular thinking of peasant communities 农民阶级的狭隘思想
A: ♣近  confined, local, narrow, parochial, provincial, regional, restricted
A: ♣反  cosmopolitan, ecumenical 有国际视野的；catholic （兴趣等）广泛的；receptive 善于接受的

Q:insulate  ['insjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使绝缘，使隔离： to place in a detached situation
A: ♣例  greenhouse gas that insulates ground infrared radiation 能阻碍地表红外辐射的温室气体
A: ♣近  block, insolate, quarantine, seclude, segregate, separate, sequester
A: ♣反  connect, link, unite 连结；integrate 使成一体
A: ♣派  insulation n. 隔绝，绝热

Q:insurgent  [in'sə:dʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 叛乱分子： one who breaks with or opposes constituted authority or the established order
A: ♣例  Insurgents armed with assault rifles and grenades ambushed a US convoy, resulting in heavy casualties. 持有突击步枪和手榴弹的叛乱分子偷袭了美军车队，造成重大伤亡
A: ♣近  rebel, anarchist, antagonist, malcontent, mutineer
A: ♣派  insurgency n. 叛乱

Q:intangible  [in'tændʒəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无法感知的，无形的： incapable of being perceived by the senses
A: ♣例  intangible value of a good reputation 良好声誉的无形价值
A: ♣近  impalpable, imperceptible, imponderable, inappreciable, indiscernible, insensible, invisible
A: ♣反  corporeal 肉体的，有形的；palpable, tactile, tangible, touchable 可感知的

Q:integral  ['intiɡrəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 构成整体所必需的： essential to completeness
A: ♣例  an integral part of the undergraduate curriculum 本科生课程的必修部分
A: ♣近  critical, essential, indispensable, necessary, requisite, vital
A: ♣反  redundant, superfluous, surplus 多余的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 完整的： not lacking any part or member that properly belongs to it
A: ♣例  the belief that athletics are essential to an integral life 坚信运动是完整的人生所不可或缺的一部分
A: ♣近  comprehensive, entire, full, grand, intact, perfect, plenary, total, whole
A: ♣反  imperfect, incomplete 不完美的，不完整的；partial 部分的

Q:integrity  [in'teɡrəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 正直： steadfast adherence to a strict moral or ethical code, devotion to telling the truth
A: ♣例  After a thorough investigation into “Climategate”, the panel concluded that the integrity of scientific community is still sound. 经过对“气候门事件”的彻底调查，专家组认为学术界的信誉和道德仍然是值得信赖的
A: ♣近  conscience, honesty, incorruptibility, rectitude, righteousness, scrupulousness
A: ♣反  baseness 卑鄙；deceit, deceitfulness, dishonesty, lying, mendacity, untruthfulness 欺骗
A: ♠考法2  n. 完整性： the quality or condition of being whole or undivided
A: ♣例  trying to maintain the integrity of the falling empire 尽力维持日趋西山的帝国的统一
A: ♣近  completeness, entireness, perfection, wholeness

Q:intelligible  [in'telidʒəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可理解的： capable of being understood
A: ♣例  military codenames intelligible only to those high-rank commanding officers 只有高级指挥官才能理解的军事暗号
A: ♣近  accessible, apprehensible, comprehensible, fathomable, lucid, understandable
A: ♣反  abstruse, recondite, inscrutable, insensible 难以理解的
A: ♣派  intelligibility n. 可理解性

Q:intemperate  [in'tempərət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无节制的，极端的，不温和的： not temperate or moderate
A: ♣例  The tone of the article is very intemperate. 文章的论调很极端
A: ♣近  excessive, extreme, immoderate, inordinate, overindulgent, unrestrained
A: ♣反  equable 温和的；bridled, checked, constrained, controlled, curbed, governed, hampered, hindered, trammeled 受限制的，节制的

Q:intensify  [in'tensifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 加强，激化： to make intense or more intensive
A: ♣例  Both companies intensified their efforts to win the contract. 为了获得这份合同，两家公司都加大了投入
A: ♣近  accentuate, aggravate, amplify, deepen, enhance, magnify, redouble, strengthen
A: ♣反  abate, assuage, attenuate, mitigate, moderate 减缓，减低（程度）
A: ♣派  intensity n. 强度

Q:inter  [in'tə:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 埋葬： to place in a grave or tomb
A: ♣例  The infamous terrorist leader Bin Laden was interred at sea. 臭名昭著的恐怖分子本拉登被葬于海中
A: ♣近  bury, entomb, inhume
A: ♣反  dig, disinter, excavate, exhume, unearth 掘出

Q:intercessor  [,intə'sesə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 调停者： one that mediates
A: ♣例  attend the meeting as the intercessor 作为调停人出席会议
A: ♣近  broker, buffer, conciliator, intermediate, mediator, peacemaker
A: ♣反  flame-fanner 煽风点火的人
A: ♣派  intercession n. 调停，斡旋

Q:interdict  [,intə'dikt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 禁止： to forbid in a usually formal or authoritative manner
A: ♣例  Though not interdicted by law, such an action is morally wrong. 尽管这种行为不被法律所禁止，但是道德上来说是不对的
A: ♣近  ban, forbid, prohibit, proscribe
A: ♣反  authorize 授权；allow, permit, suffer 允许；approve, endorse, ratify, sanction 批准
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阻止： to stop, seize, or interrupt while in progress or on course
A: ♣例  Federal agents are able to interdict only a small percentage of the narcotic shipments into the country. 联邦调查员们只能阻止一小部分流入国内的毒品
A: ♣近  bar, block, check, hinder, intercept, impede, obstruct
A: ♣反  expedite 促进，加速
A: ♣派  interdiction n. 禁止，封锁

Q:interim  ['intərim]
A: ♠考法1  n. 中间过渡时期，间隔： an interval of time between one event, process, or period and another
A: ♣例  Richard Wagner’s operas usually require an interim of more than 30 minutes for performers to have a break. 理查德?瓦格纳的歌剧通常需要长达30多分钟的幕间休息时间以供演员调整
A: ♣近  breach, break, gap, interruption, interval, interlude, parenthesis
A: ♣反  continuation, continuity 持续
A: ♠考法2  adj. 暂时的： serving in a position for the time being
A: ♣例  an interim government to maintain social stability 维持社会稳定的临时政府
A: ♣近  acting, provisional, temporary
A: ♣反  eternal, permanent 永恒的

Q:interlock  [,intə'lɔk]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 连锁： to become united or joined closely, as by hooking or dovetailing
A: ♣例  The branches of the trees interlock to form a natural archway. 树枝相互缠绕在一起，形成了天然的拱门
A: ♣近  associate, connect, join, link, unite
A: ♣反  sunder 拆散
A: ♣派  interlocking adj. 连锁的

Q:interminable  [in'tə:minəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无尽头的： having or seeming to have no end
A: ♣例  A large audience fell asleep during the interminable sermon. 许多观众都在冗长的布道演说上睡着了
A: ♣近  continual, ceaseless, endless, everlasting, perpetual
A: ♣反  completed 完成的

Q:intermittent  [,intə'mitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 间歇的，断断续续的： coming and going at intervals, not continuous
A: ♣例  intermittent rain in June 六月里断断续续的梅雨
A: ♣近  episodic, erratic, occasional, periodical, recurrent, recurring
A: ♣反  constant, continuous, incessant, unceasing 持续不断的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不定期的： lacking in steadiness or regularity of occurrence
A: ♣例  The husband’s intermittent employment put the family in a difficult position financially. 丈夫不稳定的工作使得全家陷入了经济上的困境
A: ♣近  aperiodic, casual, catchy, discontinuous, irregular, occasional, spasmodic, sporadic, unsteady
A: ♣反  habitual 习惯的，惯常的；periodic, regular, repeated 定期的，有规律的，重复的

Q:interregnum  [,intə'reɡnəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 过渡期： break in continuity
A: ♣例  The democratic regime proved to be a short-lived interregnum between dictatorships. 这个民主政权被证明只不过是两个独裁政权之间的短暂过渡罢了
A: ♣近  breach, break, gap, interim, interruption, interval, interlude, parenthesis
A: ♣反  continuation, continuity 持续

Q:interrogate  [in'terəuɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 质问，审问： to question formally and systematically
A: ♣例  interrogate the prisoner of war for valuable intelligence 审问战俘以获取有价值的情报
A: ♣近  ask, grill, inquire, milk, question
A: ♣反  answer, reply, respond 回答，回复
A: ♣派  interrogation n. 审讯

Q:intimate  ['intimət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有紧密联系的，亲密无间的： marked by very close association, contact, or familiarity
A: ♣例  intimate friends since childhood 孩童时期以来的密友
A: ♣近  familiar, close, confidential
A: ♣反  distant, remote 疏远的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不为人知的： not known or meant to be known by the general populace
A: ♣例  They broke up after she shared intimate information with all 500 of her closest friends. 在她把那些不为人知的消息告诉了她500个朋友之后，他们分手了
A: ♣近  confidential, esoteric, nonpublic, secret
A: ♣反  open, public 公开的
A: ♠考法3  n. 密友： a person who has a strong liking for and trust in another
A: ♣例  Usually quite aloof in public, he's actually quite relaxed with his intimates. 通常他在大众面前显得比较孤傲，但和好朋友在一起时他却是个很放松的人
A: ♣近  acquaintance, amigo, comrade, confidant, friend, insider, mate
A: ♣反  stranger 陌生人；enemy, foe敌人
A: ♠考法4  v. 迂回地交流，间接地沟通： to communicate delicately and indirectly
A: ♣例  intimate a wish to leave 暗示想离开
A: ♣近  allude, connote, hint, imply, indicate, infer, suggest
A: ♣反  articulate 清晰明确地说

Q:intimidate  [in'timideit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 威吓： to make timid or fearful, frighten
A: ♣例  refused to be intimidated by the manager 对经理的恐吓不为所动
A: ♣近  browbeat, bully, coerce, cow, frighten, hector, terrify
A: ♣反  blandish, cajole, coax 用花言巧语讨好
A: ♣派  intimidation n. 恐吓

Q:intoxicant  [in'tɔksikənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 使人陶醉的东西（尤指酒精饮料）： an agent that intoxicates, especially an alcoholic beverage
A: ♣近  alcohol, liquor, stimulant
A: ♣反  refresher 使人清醒的东西
A: ♣派  intoxicating adj. 使人陶醉的

Q:intransigent  [in'trænsidʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不妥协的，固执的： characterized by refusal to compromise or to abandon an extreme position
A: ♣例  an intransigent attitude 不妥协的态度
A: ♣近  adamant, headstrong, intractable, obstinate, pertinacious, stubborn, uncompromising, unyielding
A: ♣反  compliant, pliable 易受影响的；tractable, yielding 容易驾驭的
A: ♣派  intransigence n. 顽固

Q:intrepid  [in'trepid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无畏的： characterized by resolute fearlessness, fortitude, and endurance
A: ♣例  an intrepid explorer 无畏的探险家
A: ♣近  audacious, brave, bold, courageous, dauntless, fearless, gallant, valiant, valorous
A: ♣反  apprehensive 恐惧的；cowardly, craven, gutless, pusillanimous, timorous 怯懦的，胆小的
A: ♣派  intrepidity n. 无所畏惧

Q:intrigue  [in'tri:ɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 阴谋： a secret plan for accomplishing evil or unlawful ends
A: ♣例  The intrigue was quickly discovered, and the would-be assassins were arrested. 随着阴谋的迅速识破，未得手的刺客被逮捕了
A: ♣近  conspiracy, design, intrigue, machination, scheme
A: ♠考法2  vt. 激起…的兴趣： to arouse the interest, desire, or curiosity of
A: ♣例  The children are apparently intrigued by the tale. 孩子们很明显被这个传奇故事吸引了
A: ♣近  appeal, attract, enthrall, entice, excite, fascinate, interest, occupy
A: ♣反  ennui, pall 使厌倦
A: ♣派  intriguing adj. 有趣的

Q:intrinsic  [in'trinsik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固有的，内在的： of or relating to the essential nature of a thing
A: ♣例  the intrinsic worth of a gem 宝石的内在价值
A: ♣近  congenial, constitutional, immanent, inborn, inherent, innate, native, natural
A: ♣反  adventitious, extraneous, extrinsic 外在的

Q:intuitive  [in'tju:itiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 直觉的： knowing or perceiving by intuition
A: ♣例  The twins have an intuitive awareness of each other's feelings. 这对双胞胎天生就能感知彼此的感受
A: ♣近  instinctive
A: ♣反  acquired 后天习得的
A: ♣派  intuition n. 直觉

Q:inundate  ['inʌndeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 淹没： to cover with or as if with flood
A: ♣例  inundated with trash e-mails 被垃圾邮件所淹没
A: ♣近  avalanche, deluge, drown, engulf, overflow, overwhelm, submerge
A: ♣反  drain 排空
A: ♣派  inundation n. 淹没

Q:inure  [i'njuə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使习惯接受不好的东西： to accustom to accept something undesirable
A: ♣例  children inured to violence 习惯了暴力的孩子们
A: ♣近  accustom, familiarize, habituate
A: ♣派  inured adj. 习惯的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使坚强： to make able to withstand physical hardship, strain, or exposure
A: ♣例  The hardship of army training inured her to the rigors of desert warfare. 军营里的艰苦训练把她打造成了能适应沙漠艰苦战事的女兵
A: ♣近  fortify, indurate, season, steel, strengthen, toughen
A: ♣反  enfeeble, soften, weaken, undermine 弱化，使虚弱

Q:invective  [in'vektiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 侮辱性的： of, relating to, or characterized by insult or abuse
A: ♣例  invective comments on female activists 对女权主义者的侮辱性评论
A: ♣近  abusive, opprobrious, scurrile, scurrilous, truculent, vitriolic, vituperative
A: ♣反  adulatory, flattery 阿谀奉承的；complimentary 称赞的

Q:inveigh  [in'vei]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 激烈抗议，表示强烈不满： to protest or complain bitterly or vehemently
A: ♣例  inveighed against the bank industry 对银行业表示强烈不满
A: ♣近  gripe, grouse, object, protest, remonstrate, repine
A: ♣反  support 支持；delight, rejoice 感到高兴

Q:inveigle  [in'veiɡl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 诱骗： to win over by coaxing, flattery, or artful talk
A: ♣例  inveigle consumers into buying the item 诱骗顾客购买商品
A: ♣近  allure, bait, decoy, entice, entrap, seduce, tempt
A: ♣反  demand 强求
A: ♣派  inveigling adj. 诱骗性的

Q:inventory  ['invəntəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 存货清单： a detailed, itemized list, report, or record of things in one's possession, especially a periodic survey of all goods and materials in stock
A: ♣例  The dealership has an unusually large inventory of pre-owned vehicles. 销售商手中有着一份巨大的二手车库存单
A: ♣近  budget, pool, repertoire, reservoir, stock
A: ♠考法2  n. （写有要点的）简介： a short statement of the main points
A: ♣例  They decided to offer the public an informative inventory of everything that is known about the virus at this time. 他们决定向公众提供一份极富价值的报告，它涵盖了目前为止关于这种病毒的所有认识
A: ♣近  abstract, brief, epitome, outline, résumé, summarization, synopsis

Q:inveterate  [in'vetərət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 积习的： firmly established by long persistence
A: ♣例  the inveterate tendency to overlook the obvious 总是忽视显而易见事物的习惯
A: ♣近  chronic, entrenched, ingrained, rooted, settled, hard-cored
A: ♣反  adventitious 偶然的

Q:invidious  [in'vidiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 惹人反感的： tending to cause discontent, animosity, or envy
A: ♣例  the invidious task of arbitration 令人反感的仲裁任务
A: ♣近  abhorrent, detestable, obnoxious, odious, repugnant, repellent
A: ♣反  agreeable, gratifying, pleasant 令人高兴的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 羡慕嫉妒恨的： having or showing mean resentment of another's possessions or advantages
A: ♣例  Inevitably, his remarkable success attracted the invidious attention of the other sales representatives. 不可避免地，他巨大的成功引来了其他销售代表羡慕嫉妒恨的眼光
A: ♣近  covetous, envious, jaundiced, jealous, resentful, green-eyed

Q:invigorate  [in'viɡəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使精神，使强壮，鼓舞激励： to impart vigor, strength, or vitality to
A: ♣例  news that invigorates the public 给大众打鸡血的新闻
A: ♣近  animate, energize, fortify, reinforce, strengthen, vitalize
A: ♣反  dampen, deaden, debilitate, emaciate, sap 使衰弱；demoralize 使士气衰落
A: ♣派  invigorated adj. 精力充沛的

Q:invincible  [in'vinsəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不可战胜的，不可超越的： incapable of being conquered, overcome, or subdued
A: ♣例  The soccer team proved to be invincible. 这支球队证明了自己是不可战胜的
A: ♣近  bulletproof, impregnable, invulnerable, unbeatable, unconquerable
A: ♣反  conquerable 可被征服的；surmountable 可超越的；vulnerable 脆弱的，敏感的
A: ♣派  invincibility n. 无敌

Q:invoke  [in'vəuk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 实施： to put into effect or operation
A: ♣例  New train timetable has been invoked. 新的火车时刻表已经生效
A: ♣近  enforce, effect, execute, implement, perform
A: ♣反  suspend 暂停，搁置
A: ♠考法2  vt. 产生，造成： to be the cause of (a situation, action, or state of mind)
A: ♣例  We should be prepared for the possibility that any solution may invoke another set of problems. 我们必须要为这样一种可能做好心理准备：任何解决方案都可能带来一系列新的问题
A: ♣近  beget, bring, catalyze, cause, create, engender, generate, induce, produce, result

Q:irascible  [i'ræsəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易怒的： marked by hot temper and easily provoked anger
A: ♣例  The new boss is so irascible that several employees have resigned. 由于新老板太容易发飙，许多员工已经递交了辞呈
A: ♣近  choleric, irritable, peevish, petulant
A: ♣反  affable 和蔼的

Q:irate  [ai'reit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极其愤怒的： extremely angry
A: ♣例  an irate taxpayer 极为愤怒的纳税人
A: ♣近  aggravated, apoplectic, choleric, enraged, exasperated, infuriated, ireful, mad, wrathful
A: ♣反  calm, halcyon 平静的；delighted, pleased 高兴的，满意的

Q:iridescent  [,iri'desənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 五颜六色的： displaying a play of lustrous colors like those of the rainbow
A: ♣例  an iridescent soap bubble 一个五颜六色的肥皂泡
A: ♣近  nacreous, opalescent, pearlescent
A: ♣反  monochromatic 单色的
A: ♣派  iridescence n. 五彩斑斓

Q:irk  [ə:k]
A: ♠考法1  n. 令人烦恼的事物： something that is a source of irritation
A: ♣例  One of the prof's major irks is a cell phone that rings during a lecture. 课堂上突然响起的手机铃声是最让教授火大的事情之一
A: ♣近  aggravation, bother, exasperation, frustration, headache, irritant, nuisance, vexation
A: ♠考法2  v. 使烦恼，使厌倦： to be irritating, wearisome, or vexing to
A: ♣例  She irked her friends by chewing her gum loudly during the movie. 她因为看电影时嚼口香糖弄出声响而惹怒了她的朋友们
A: ♣近  annoy, bother, fret, gall, provoke, ruffle, vex
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, pacify, placate, propitiate, soothe 安抚，平息
A: ♣派  irksome adj. 令人厌烦的

Q:ironclad  ['aiənklæd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常坚固的，坚不可摧的： so firm or secure as to be unbreakable
A: ♣例  pride on their ironclad fleet 对他们坚不可摧的舰队感到自豪
A: ♣近  firm, invulnerable, secure, sound, tenacious, tough
A: ♣反  fragile 脆弱的

Q:irradicable  [i'rædikəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不能根除的： impossible to uproot or destroy
A: ♣例  Smoking has become an irradicable bad habit for him. 吸烟已成了他不能根除的恶习
A: ♣近  entrenched, ineradicable, ingrained, inveterate, rooted
A: ♣反  eradicable 可根除的

Q:irreducible  [,iri'dju:səbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （数）不可约分的： incapable of being factored into polynomials of lower degree with coefficients in some given field (as the rational numbers) or integral domain (as the integers)
A: ♣例  irreducible integrals 质数
A: ♣反  factorable 可约分的

Q:irrigate  ['iriɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 灌溉： to supply (dry land) with water by means of ditches, pipes, or streams; water artificially
A: ♣例  irrigate crops periodically 定期灌溉农作物
A: ♣近  water
A: ♠考法2  vt. 冲洗： to flush (a body part) with a stream of liquid (as in removing a foreign body or medicating)
A: ♣例  irrigate the wound 冲洗伤口
A: ♣近  flush, rinse, wash
A: ♣派  irrigation n. 灌溉

Q:irritate  ['iriteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 刺激，惹恼： to provoke impatience, anger, or displeasure in
A: ♣例  His rude interruptions really irritated her. 他粗鲁的打断激怒了她
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, exasperate, gall, inflame, nettle, peeve, provoke, rile, roil
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, pacify, placate, propitiate, soothe 安抚，平息
A: ♣派  irritant n. 刺激物

Q:issue  ['iʃju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. （有争议的）话题，议题： a matter that is in dispute between two or more parties
A: ♣例  focused on economic and political issues 重点关注经济和政治话题
A: ♣近  nut, problem, question
A: ♠考法2  vi. 发布（期刊等）： to produce and release for distribution in printed form
A: ♣例  plans to issue a monthly newsletter 计划发布新闻月刊
A: ♣近  print
A: ♠考法3  vi. 流出： to go, come, or flow out
A: ♣例  strange sound issued from the abandoned house 废弃房中传来的奇怪声音
A: ♣近  discharge, emit, exude, release, vent
A: ♣反  withdraw 撤回

Q:jabber  ['dʒæbə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 快而不清楚地说： to talk rapidly, indistinctly, or unintelligibly
A: ♣例  monkeys jabbering at each other in their cages 在笼子里唧唧歪歪的猴子
A: ♣近  babble, blabber, drivel, gabble, gibber, jabber, mumbo jumbo
A: ♣反  speak slowly 慢慢地说

Q:jaded  ['dʒeidid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 疲惫的： depleted in strength, energy, or freshness
A: ♣例  After that long bar exam, I'm too jaded for anything but a nap. 律师资格考试结束后，我累得只想睡觉
A: ♣近  drained, exhausted, fatigued, prostrate, spent, wearied, worn-out
A: ♠考法2  adj. 厌倦的，没兴趣没热情的： having one's patience, interest, or pleasure exhausted
A: ♣例  Even jaded sci-fi fans are finding this new space adventure fresh and exciting. 即使是见多识广、口味很挑的科幻小说忠粉也觉得这次的太空探险非常新鲜有趣
A: ♣近  bored, tired, wearied, fed up
A: ♣反  absorbed, engaged, engrossed, interested, intrigued, rapt 有兴趣的

Q:jape  [dʒeip]
A: ♠考法1  v. 嘲弄： to say or do something jokingly or mockingly
A: ♣例  The characters in Oscar Wilde's plays jape with a sophistication that is rarely encountered in real life. 奥斯卡?王尔德戏剧作品中的角色用一种十分世故的态度进行嘲讽，而这种态度在真实生活当中是很少见的
A: ♣近  jest, quip, wisecrack, banter, chaff, gag, jive, jolly, josh
A: ♣反  revere 尊敬

Q:jargon  ['dʒɑ:ɡən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 行业术语： the specialized or technical language of a trade, profession, or similar group
A: ♣例  medical jargon that the layman cannot understand 外行不理解的医学术语
A: ♣近  argot, cant, dialect, jive, lingo, patois

Q:jarring  ['dʒɑ:riŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 刺耳的： harsh or discordant
A: ♣例  the final chord of that song is too jarring for me 那首歌最后的合声部分太刺耳了
A: ♣近  astounding, blindsiding, jolting, startling, stunning
A: ♣反  melodious 音调优美的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 震惊的： causing a strong emotional reaction because of unexpectedness
A: ♣例  the jarring news that major financial institutions were on the verge of collapse 有消息称主要的几个金融机构处于倒闭的边缘，真是让人震惊
A: ♣近  amazing, astonishing, astounding, blindsiding, dumbfounding, flabbergasting, jaw-dropping, jolting, shocking, startling, stunning

Q:jaundice  ['dʒɔ:ndis]
A: ♠考法1  n. （因嫉妒或厌世而产生的）偏见： to affect with the negativity or bitterness of jaundice; bias
A: ♣例  the jaundice in the eyes of the two feuding neighbors 两个有积怨的邻居之间的偏见
A: ♣近  animosity, animus, antagonism, antipathy, gall, hostility, rancor
A: ♣反  amity 和睦，好感

Q:jaunty  ['dʒɔ:nti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻快的，活泼的： sprightly in manner or appearance: lively
A: ♣例  a jaunty stroll 轻快的散步
A: ♣近  animate, brisk, energetic, frisky, perky, racy, spirited, vivacious
A: ♣反  staid, dead, inactive, inanimate, lackadaisical, languid, languishing, leaden, limp, listless, spiritless, vapid 无生气的

Q:jejune  [dʒi'dʒu:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无趣乏味的： not interesting; dull
A: ♣例  jejune lectures 无聊的讲座
A: ♣近  arid, drab, dreary, leaden, monotonous, ponderous, tedious, weary
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting, thought provoking 促人深思的，吸引人的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 幼稚的： having or showing the annoying qualities (as silliness) associated with children
A: ♣例  an essay filled with jejune, simplistic opinions about international politics 充满着有关国际政治的幼稚、简单看法的文章
A: ♣近  adolescent, immature, infantile, juvenile, kiddish, puerile
A: ♣反  adult, grown-up, mature 成熟的

Q:jeopardy  ['dʒepədi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 危险： risk of loss or injury; peril or danger
A: ♣例  the city's firefighters routinely put their lives in jeopardy 消防队员们早就把生命置之度外了
A: ♣近  distress, endangerment, imperilment, peril
A: ♣反  safeness, safety, secureness, security 安全

Q:jest  [dʒest]
A: ♠考法1  n. 轻浮的态度，戏谑： a frivolous mood or manner
A: ♣例  spoken in jest 戏谑地说
A: ♣近  butt, derision, mockery
A: ♣反  solemnity, solemn utterance 严肃

Q:jettison  ['dʒetisən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 丢弃，投弃：to cast overboard or off
A: ♣例  a ship jettisoning wastes 投弃废物的船
A: ♣近  discard, dump, junk, scrap, throwing away
A: ♣反  keep, retain 保留

Q:jibe  [dʒaib]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 意见一致： to be in accord: agree
A: ♣例  Your figures jibe with mine. 你的数据与我的一致。
A: ♣近  accord, cohere, conform, correspond, harmonize, tally
A: ♣反  conflict 冲突

Q:jingoist  ['dʒiŋɡəuist]
A: ♠考法1  n. 极端爱国激进分子（通常表现为好战的对外政策）： extreme chauvinism or nationalism marked especially by a belligerent foreign policy
A: ♣例  jingoists who cry for war 叫嚣着鼓吹开战的激进分子
A: ♣近  chauvinist, nationalist, superpatriot, war hawk
A: ♣反  dove, pacifist, peacenik 反战派人士

Q:jitters  ['dʒitəz]
A: ♠考法1  n. 紧张，不安： a sense of panic or extreme nervousness
A: ♣例  she suffered pre-wedding jitters 她有婚前恐惧
A: ♣近  butterflies, dither, jimjams, nerves, shakes, shivers, willies
A: ♣反  aplomb, calm, composure, equanimity, imperturbability, self-possession, tranquility 镇定，冷静

Q:jocular  ['dʒɔkjulə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 搞笑的，欢乐的： characterized by joking, playful
A: ♣例  a jocular man who could make the most serious people laugh 这个搞笑的人可以使得最严肃的人都开怀大笑
A: ♣近  blithesome, festive, gleeful, jocund, jovial, mirthful
A: ♣反  lachrymose, saturnine 悲哀的；dour, dreary, morose, serious 阴郁的

Q:jocund  ['dʒɔkənd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 欢快的，高兴的： sprightly and lighthearted in disposition, character, or quality
A: ♣例  old friends engaged in jocund teasing 老朋友相见，互相打趣调侃
A: ♣近  blithesome, jocose, jocular, jolly, jovial, mirthful, sunny
A: ♣反  lachrymose, saturnine 悲哀的；dour, dreary, morose, serious 阴郁的

Q:jog  [dʒɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 慢跑： a movement, pace, or instance of jogging (as for exercise)
A: ♠考法2  vi. 唤起： to rouse or stimulate
A: ♣例  an old photo that might jog your memory 一张也许会唤起你回忆的老照片
A: ♣近  arouse, excite, incite, instigate, pique, remind, stimulate, stir
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 缓和

Q:jolt  [dʒəult]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 突然移动： to move or dislodge with a sudden, hard blow
A: ♠考法2  v. 惊吓： to cause an unpleasant surprise for
A: ♣例  The sneak terrorist attack jolted the country out of its indolence and indifference. 偷偷摸摸的恐怖分子将该国从懒惰和冷漠无情中惊醒
A: ♣近  appall, floor, shake up

Q:jot  [dʒɔt]
A: ♠考法1  vt .简要记录： to write briefly or hurriedly
A: ♣例  jot down an address 简要地记下地址
A: ♣近  log, mark, put down, register, report, set down, take down, write down

Q:jovial  ['dʒəuviəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 愉快的： markedly good-humored especially as evidenced by jollity and conviviality
A: ♣例  a jovial host 快活的主人
A: ♣近  blithesome, festive, gay, gleeful, jocular, jocund, jolly, mirthful
A: ♣反  lachrymose, saturnine 悲哀的；dour, dreary, morose, serious 阴郁的

Q:jubilant  ['dʒu:bilənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 喜悦的： exultingly joyful
A: ♣例  The nominee delivered a jubilant speech before the cheering crowd. 在欢呼的人群面前，被提名人发表了充满喜悦的演说
A: ♣近  exulting, glorying, rejoicing, triumphant
A: ♣反  lachrymose, saturnine 悲哀的；dour, dreary, morose, serious 阴郁的

Q:judicious  [dʒu:'diʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 明智的，慎重的： having or exhibiting sound judgment; prudent
A: ♣例  a judicious choice 明智的抉择
A: ♣近  intelligent, judgmatic, prudent, tactical, wise
A: ♣反  daft, imprudent, inadvisable, inexpedient, indiscrete, impolitic, unwise 愚蠢的，轻率的

Q:juggernaut  ['dʒʌɡənɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无法阻挡的力量， 摧毁一切的强大力量： an overwhelming, advancing force that crushes everything in its path
A: ♣例  the juggernaut of industrialization 工业化无法阻挡的力量
A: ♣近  steamroller

Q:justify  ['dʒʌstifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 证明…的合理性，辩解： to prove or show to be just, right, or reasonable
A: ♣例  failed to justify the need for a new expressway at this time 没能证明修建新的高速公路的合理性‖The storm warning justified his leaving early. 他的早退因为风暴预警而显得理所当然。
A: ♣近  excuse, rationalize, warrant
A: ♣派  justification n. （正当的）理由

Q:ken  [ken]
A: ♠考法1  n. 视野范围： the range of vision
A: ♣例  abstract words that are beyond the ken of children 那些孩子们不能理解的抽象字词
A: ♣近  sight
A: ♠考法2  vt. 知道、了解（人或物）： to know (a person or thing)
A: ♣近  appreciate, apprehend, cognize, comprehend, grasp, perceive, savvy, understand
A: ♣反  misapprehend, misconceive, misinterpret, misperceive, misunderstand 错误地理解

Q:kidnap  ['kidnæp]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 绑架勒索： to seize and detain by unlawful force or fraud and often with a demand for ransom
A: ♣例  the child was kidnapped and held for ransom 歹徒绑架了孩子，并且向家属勒索赎金
A: ♣近  abduct
A: ♣反  release, set free 释放

Q:kindle  ['kindl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 点燃： to build or fuel (a fire); to set fire to; ignite
A: ♣例  kindle interest 激发兴趣
A: ♣近  enkindle, ignite, inflame, torch
A: ♣反  douse, extinguish, quench, put out, snuff out 熄灭

Q:kindred  ['kindrid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 类似的；具有相似或相近的起源，本性或性质的： having a similar or related origin, nature, or character
A: ♣例  finally found people who were kindred spirits when she joined the hiking club 她加入登山俱乐部的时候终于发现了志向相同的人
A: ♣近  agreeable, amicable, compatible, congenial, frictionless, unanimous, united
A: ♣反  disagreeable, discordant, disharmonious, disunited, incompatible, inharmonious, uncongenial 不一致不和谐的

Q:knack  [næk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 诀窍，聪明的做法： a clever trick or stratagem; a clever way of doing something
A: ♣例  She's tried every knack in Cupid's book to get her guy to marry her. 她试过了所有爱情三十六计，希望那男人娶她
A: ♣近  artifice, device, gambit, ploy, scheme, sleight, stratagem
A: ♣反  foolishness 愚蠢

Q:knead  [ni:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 揉捏，塑造： to make or shape by or as if by folding, pressing, and stretching with the hands
A: ♣例  knead dough 揉面团‖kneading a painful calf muscle 给疼痛的小腿肌肉按摩
A: ♣近  massage, manipulate, mould, squeeze, stroke

Q:knit  [nit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 编织（纱线）： to form by interlacing yarn or thread in a series of connected loops with needles
A: ♣例  She knitted him a sweater for Christmas. 圣诞节她为他缝了一件毛衣
A: ♣近  braid, plait, weave
A: ♣反  ravel 解开
A: ♠考法2  vt. 连接，联系： to join closely; unite securely
A: ♣例  Sport knits the whole family close together. 体育将整个家庭紧紧地联系在一起
A: ♣近  bind, bond, combine, connect, fasten, join, link, meld, merge, tie, secure, unite
A: ♣反  disassociate, disconnect, disjoin, divide, sever, split, sunder 分开

Q:knotty  ['nɔti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多结的，复杂的，困难的：marked by or full of knots especially: so full of difficulties and complications as to be likely to defy solution
A: ♣例  The candidates cautiously gave their views on an array of knotty issues. 候选人就一系列的困难问题谨慎地给出了自己的看法
A: ♣近  baroque, byzantine, complicated, convoluted, intricate, involved, labyrinthine, sophisticated, tangled
A: ♣反  easy, effortless, plain, simple 容易的，明显的

Q:kudos  ['kju:dəuz]
A: ♠考法1  n. 名望，名声： fame and renown resulting from an act or achievement
A: ♣例  Employees enjoy the kudos that the job brings as much as the financial rewards. 正如同喜欢工作带来的经济回报一样，雇员们也很享受工作所带来的名声和荣誉
A: ♣近  credit, distinction, homage, honor, laurels
A: ♣反  infamy, notoriety 不好的名声
A: ♠考法2  n. 夸奖，赞扬： acclaim or praise for exceptional achievement
A: ♣例  The attorney did pro bono work because it was the right thing to do, and not for any future kudos that it might bring. 这名律师之所以为慈善机构和穷人所提供免费服务，是因为他觉得这是正确的事情，而非为了任何可能因此而产生的赞扬
A: ♣近  acclaim, accolade, applause, credit, distinction, homage, honor, laud, laurels
A: ♣反  belittlement, denigration, deprecation, derogation, diminishment, disparagement 贬损

Q:labile  ['leibail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易变的，不稳定的： continually undergoing chemical, physical, or biological change; unstable
A: ♣例  labile mineral 不稳定的矿物质‖an emotionally labile person 一个多愁善感的人
A: ♣近  capricious, fluctuating, fluid, inconstant, mercurial, temperamental, unsettled, unsteady, variable, volatile
A: ♣反  constant, immutable, invariable, stable, stationary, steady 稳定的

Q:laborious  [lə'bɔ:riəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勤奋的： hard-working; industrious
A: ♣例  The volunteers have been commendably laborious in their cleanup of the beach. 清理海滩的志愿者们的勤奋努力值得赞扬‖He was gentle and kindly, living a laborious life in his Paris flat. 他是一个温柔、好心的人，住在巴黎的公寓里过着勤奋的生活
A: ♣近  active, assiduous, bustling, diligent, engaged, industrious, occupied, sedulous
A: ♣反  idle, inactive, indolent, inert, slothful 懒散的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 费力的： marked by or requiring long, hard work
A: ♣例  the laborious task of cleaning up the oil spill 清除泄露石油的艰苦工作
A: ♣近  arduous, challenging, demanding, difficult, exacting, formidable, grueling, heavy, labored, rigorous, rough, rugged, severe, strenuous, sweaty, toilsome, tough
A: ♣反  easy, effortless, facile, light, mindless, simple, undemanding 轻松的，容易的

Q:labyrinthine  [,læbə'rinθain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 迷宫似的，复杂曲折的： of, relating to, resembling, or constituting a labyrinth; extremely complex or tortuous in structure
A: ♣例  The labyrinthine political situation of Middle East left us totally befuddled. 中东地区复杂迷离的政治局势让我们彻底迷惑了
A: ♣近  baroque, byzantine, complicate, complicated, convoluted, intricate, involved, knotty, sophisticated, tangled
A: ♣反  easy, effortless, plain, simple 容易的，明显的

Q:lacerate  ['læsəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使非常痛苦： to cause deep emotional pain to; distress
A: ♣例  He was born into a family already lacerated with tensions and divisions. 他出生在一个已经被冲突和分裂折磨不堪的家庭当中
A: ♣近  afflict, distress, harrow, hurt, rend, torment, torture, wound
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 减轻（痛苦等）

Q:lachrymose  ['lækriməus]
A: ♠考法1  adj.催人泪下的，悲伤的：tending to cause tears, mournful
A: ♣例  The lachrymose mourners at the funeral required a steady supply of tissues. 葬礼上多愁善感的哀悼者对纸巾提出了巨大的需求
A: ♣近  doleful, lamentable, lugubrious, melancholy, mournful, tearful, teary, weepy, woeful
A: ♣反  cheerful, delighted, jocund, jovial 欢乐的，快乐的

Q:lackluster  ['læk,lʌstə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 黯淡无光泽的： lacking brightness, luster, or vitality
A: ♣例  lackluster hair 黯淡无光的头发
A: ♣近  dim, dull, flat, lusterless
A: ♣反  burnished, glistening, glossy, lustrous, polished, shiny, sleek 光亮的

Q:laconic  [lə'kɔnik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 简洁（以至于显得粗鲁或难以理解）的： using or involving the use of a minimum of words: concise to the point of seeming rude or mysterious
A: ♣例  His mentor’s comment tends to be laconic but very much to the point. 他导师的点评很简短，但是却总能说到点子上
A: ♣近  apothegmatic, brief, capsule, compact, compendious, curt, pithy, succinct, summary, telegraphic, terse
A: ♣反  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, prolix, rambling, verbose, windy, wordy 冗长的

Q:lag  [læɡ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 最终的，最后的： following all others of the same kind in order or time
A: ♣例  We're now in the lag end of the project. 现在我们到了项目的尾声阶段。
A: ♣近  bottommost, closing, concluding, final, hindmost, last, latest, rearmost, terminal, terminating, ultimate
A: ♣反  beginning, earliest, first, foremost, inaugural, initial, maiden, opening, original, pioneer, primary 最初的
A: ♠考法2  vi. 缓慢行走： to proceed or develop with comparative slowness
A: ♣例  The tired puppy was lagging behind the rest of the pack. 疲倦的小狗在队伍的后面缓缓地走着。
A: ♣近  crawl, creep, dally, dawdle, dillydally, linger, loiter, mope, poke, tarry
A: ♣近  blast, bolt, bustle, careen, career, dash, fly, hustle, rush, rustle, speed, whirl 疾行，快速行走
A: ♠考法3  vi. 萎靡，失去活力： to lose bodily strength or vigor
A: ♣例  During the fourth quarter the whole team seemed to lag. 到了第四节整支队伍似乎都已经精疲力竭了。
A: ♣近  decay, droop, emaciate, fade, fail, languish, sink, waste, wilt, wither
A: ♣反  convalesce, rally, rebound, recover, recuperate 康复，复原
A: ♣派  lagging n. 延迟

Q:lambaste  [læm'beist]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 严厉斥责： to scold sharply; berate
A: ♣例  Critics lambasted his performance. 评论家严厉斥责了他的表演
A: ♣近  assail, baste, belabor, berate, castigate, excoriate, reprimand, reproach, scathe, slam, upbraid, vituperate
A: ♣反  carol, extol, glorify, hymn, laud, magnify, praise 表扬,赞美

Q:lament  [lə'ment]
A: ♠考法1  n. 悼词： a composition expressing one's grief over a loss
A: ♣例  her lament for her grandmother 她为她祖母写的悼词
A: ♣近  dirge, elegy, requiem
A: ♠考法2  n. 抱怨： an expression of dissatisfaction, pain, or resentment
A: ♣例  the career woman's lament that there aren't any good men left 职场女性的抱怨：好男人都死光了
A: ♣近  carp, complaint, fuss, grievance, gripe, grouch, grouse, grumble, moan, murmur
A: ♠考法3  vi. 哀悼，表达痛苦或遗憾： to express sorrow or regret; mourn
A: ♣例  lament an innocent death 为无辜的死者而悲痛
A: ♣近  bemoan, deplore, grieve, moan, mourn, wail
A: ♣反  delight, exult, joy, rejoice 感到高兴

Q:lamentable  ['læməntəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 值得惋惜的，悲哀的： inspiring or deserving of lament or regret; deplorable or pitiable; mournful
A: ♣例  The lamentable cries of the women for their lost sons were heard throughout the village. 女人们由于丧子之痛的哀嚎响彻整个山谷
A: ♣近  deplorable, distressful, grievous, heartbreaking,, lugubrious, plaintive, plangent, sorrowful, woeful
A: ♣反  cheerful, delighted, jocund, jovial 欢乐的，快乐的

Q:lampoon  [læm'pu:n]
A: ♠考法1  n讽刺： a harsh satire usually directed against an individual
A: ♣例  a lampoon of the movie business at the time 对当时电影产业的一种讽刺
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, farce, mockery, parody, ridicule, spoof, travesty
A: ♣反  eulogy, ode, paean 颂歌

Q:lance  [lɑ:ns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 长矛，标枪： a weapon with a long straight handle and sharp head or blade
A: ♣例  The lance struck squarely on the knight's shield, knocking him from his horse. 标枪正中盾牌，将骑士掀于马下。
A: ♣近  javelin, pike, shaft, spear
A: ♠考法2  vt. 刺穿，刺破： to penetrate or hold (something) with a pointed object
A: ♣例  Doctors used to lance infected sores, so that they could drain clean. 以前医生会刺破受感染的疮，从而使脓液流出。
A: ♣近  gore, harpoon, jab, pierce, puncture, spike, stab, stick
A: ♣派  lancer n. 枪骑兵

Q:languid  ['læŋɡwid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没精打采的，虚弱的： lacking energy or vitality; weak
A: ♣例  be languid for weeks after surgery 术后的几周都无精打采的
A: ♣近  debilitated, effete, enervated, feeble, frail, infirm, lackadaisical, spiritless, debilitated, sapped, enfeebled
A: ♣反  animated, energetic, vehement, vivacious 有精力的；mighty, powerful, stalwart, stout, strong 强壮的

Q:languish  ['læŋɡwiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 变得衰弱： to be or become feeble, weak, or enervated
A: ♣例  languishing during the prolonged heat wave 在持续的热浪下变得虚弱
A: ♣近  decay, droop, emaciate, fade, fail, flag, sag, wither
A: ♣反  burgeon, flourish, thrive, prosper 旺盛生长

Q:languor  ['læŋɡə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 懒惰： physical or mental inertness
A: ♣例  He enjoyed the languor brought on by a hot summer afternoon. 他很享受夏日午后的慵懒
A: ♣近  collapse, exhaustion, frazzle, lassitude, listlessness, stupor, torpor, prostration
A: ♣反  verve, vim,animation,vitality 有活力
A: ♠考法2  n. 衰弱： weakness or weariness of body or mind
A: ♣例  The tropical heat sapped our strength, leaving us in a state of unaccustomed languor. 热带的炎热气候消磨着我们的力量，让我们感到一阵虚弱的不适
A: ♣近  debilitation, enervation, enfeeblement, fragility, infirmity
A: ♣反  robustness, strength, vivacity 强壮，有力

Q:lank  [læŋk]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 细长瘦弱的： long, straight, and limp; not stiff in structure
A: ♣例  a woman with long, lank hair 有着长而稀疏头发的女子
A: ♣近  emaciated, lean, slender, svelte, tenuous, thin
A: ♣反  fat, fleshy, gross, obese 肥胖的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不僵硬的，柔软松弛的： not stiff in structure
A: ♣例  Right after a shower, her lank hair hung down to her shoulders. 刚出浴的她柔软的头发搭在她的肩上
A: ♣近  droopy, flaccid, floppy, lank, yielding
A: ♣反  inflexible, rigid, stiff, sturdy, tense 僵硬的；resilient 有弹性的

Q:lapse  [læps]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小过失： a slight error typically due to forgetfulness or inattention
A: ♣例  a lapse in table manner 餐桌礼仪的小过错
A: ♣近  blunder, fumble, gaffe, miscue, oversight, peccadillo
A: ♠考法2  v. 结束，终止： to come to an end
A: ♣例  The contract will lapse at the end of the year. 合同将于年底到期
A: ♣近  cease, conclude, die, end, expire, finish, stop, terminate
A: ♣反  continue, persist, hang on 持续

Q:largesse  [lɑ:'dʒes]
A: ♠考法1  n. 捐赠物： something given to someone without expectation of a return
A: ♣例  The alumna's huge bequest was an unexpected largess. 校友们的巨额遗赠是一笔意料之外的财富
A: ♣近  bestowal, donation, giveaway, present
A: ♠考法2  n. 慷慨： liberality in giving or willingness to give
A: ♣例  be noted for his largesse 因慷慨而闻名
A: ♣近  bountifulness, generosity, munificence, openhandedness, philanthropy
A: ♣反  miserliness, parsimony, penury, stinginess 小气

Q:lash  [læʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 击打： a hard strike with a part of the body or an instrument
A: ♣例  suddenly felt the lash of her drunken husband's hand on her cheek 突然感觉到脸颊被醉酒的丈夫扇了一耳光
A: ♣近  bang, bash, bat, beat, clap, hit, knock, punch, slam, slap, smash, stinger, stroke, swat
A: ♠考法2  v. 猛击，撞击： to strike against with force or violence
A: ♣例  All night long a barrage of rain lashed the windows. 倾盆大雨整夜敲击着窗户
A: ♣近  baste, hammer, lace, lambaste, punch
A: ♠考法3  vt. 捆扎： to bind with or as if with a line
A: ♣例  Secure the anchor by lashing it to the rail. 通过将锚绑在栏杆上使其稳固。
A: ♣反  unbind 解开

Q:lassitude  ['læsitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 乏力，没精打采： a state or feeling of weariness, diminished energy, or listlessness
A: ♣例  Symptoms of anaemia include general fatigue and lassitude. 贫血的通常症状包括体虚和乏力
A: ♣近  collapse, exhaustion, frazzle, languor, listlessness, stupor, torpor, prostration
A: ♣反  verve, vim,animation,vitality 有活力

Q:latent  ['leitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 潜在的，不活跃的： present or potential but not evident or active
A: ♣例  a latent infection 潜伏性传染病‖He has a latent talent for acting that he hasn't had a chance to express yet. 他有着表演的天赋，只不过他还没有机会来表现这一才能
A: ♣近  dormant, fallow, inert, inoperative
A: ♣反  apparent, evident, manifest, obvious, plain 明显的；active 活跃的
A: ♣派  latency n. 潜伏期

Q:latitude  ['lætitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. （行动或言论）自由： freedom from normal restraints, limitations, or regulations
A: ♣例  Students are allowed considerable latitude in choosing courses. 学生在选课时被给予相当大的自由度
A: ♣近  authorization, license, freedom, leeway, free hand
A: ♣反  limitation 限制；custody 监护，拘留

Q:laudatory  ['lɔ:dətəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 表示赞扬的： of, relating to, or expressing praise
A: ♣例  a laudatory review of the new play 对新剧目的赞扬性的评论
A: ♣近  adulatory, commendatory, complimentary, extolling, eulogistic, panegyric
A: ♣反  derogatory, depreciatory, disparaging, pejorative 贬低的
A: ♣派  laudable adj. 值得赞扬的

Q:lavish  ['læviʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 奢侈大量的： characterized by or produced with extravagance and profusion
A: ♣例  lavish buffet 奢侈的自助餐
A: ♣近  copious, exuberant, gushing, lush, luxuriant, opulent, profuse, riotous
A: ♣反  moderate, modest, reasonable, temperate 适度的，合理的
A: ♠考法2  v. 挥霍，浪费： to give readily and in large quantities; to use up carelessly
A: ♣例  a great actor who lavished his talent in lousy movies 将才华浪费在低劣电影上的影星
A: ♣近  blow, dissipate, fritter, misspend, squander, waste
A: ♣反  conserve 节约

Q:lax  [læks]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 松弛的，不紧的，不严格的： not tense, firm, or rigid
A: ♣例  exercises to improve lax muscles 锻炼松弛的肌肉‖The guidelines for the essay contest were fairly lax, permitting a wide variety of topics. 本次作文大赛的要求相对比较宽松，允许写多种类型的主题。
A: ♣近  flabby, flaccid, insecure, loose, loosened, relaxed, slackened, unsecured
A: ♣反  taut, tense, tight 紧固的，牢固的；hard, harsh, rigid, rigorous, severe, stern, strict 严格的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 懈怠的，漫不经心的： failing to give proper care and attention
A: ♣例  The university has been lax about enforcing these rules. 学校对于这些规定的施行显得漫不经心。
A: ♣近  careless, derelict, disregardful, heedless, lazy, neglectful, neglecting, negligent, remiss, slack
A: ♣反  attentive, careful, cautious, conscientious, heedful, mindful, vigilant, wary 注意的，留心的

Q:leaven  ['levn]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 用轻松、活泼或变更的影响力来充斥： to mingle or permeate with some modifying, alleviating, or vivifying element
A: ♣例  He needs to leaven his speeches with more humor. 他需要在演讲中再加入点幽默元素。
A: ♣近  imbue, infuse, ingrain, inoculate, inspire, permeate, steep, suffuse
A: ♣反  extract 抽取

Q:leer  [liə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 一瞥，斜眼看： to cast a sidelong glance
A: ♣例  He gave her a leering look. 他瞥了她一眼
A: ♣近  squint
A: ♣反  gape, gaze, glare, goggle, stare 盯着看

Q:leery  ['liəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 怀疑的，不信任的： suspicious or distrustful; wary
A: ♣例  be leery of strangers 对陌生人的怀疑
A: ♣近  dubious, distrustful, skeptical, suspicious, wary
A: ♣反  credulous 轻信的

Q:legacy  ['leɡəsi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 遗产： something handed down from an ancestor or a predecessor or from the past
A: ♣例  the legacy of the ancient philosophers 古代哲学家们的思想遗产
A: ♣近  bequest, heritage, patrimony

Q:legend  ['ledʒənd]
A: ♠考法1  n. 传奇，传说： a popular myth of recent origin
A: ♣例  Some ancient civilizations had legends about spirits that inhabited trees and rocks. 许多古老的文明都有着关于寄居于树木、岩石之中的灵魂的传说
A: ♣近  fable, myth, mythos
A: ♠考法2  n. 图例： an explanatory list of the symbols on a map or chart
A: ♣例  The legend in the science textbook indicated that the accompanying picture had been enlarged by 1000%. 科学课本上彩图的图例告诉我们这幅图片被放大了十倍
A: ♣近  cutline
A: ♣派  legendary adj. 如传奇般闻名的

Q:legion  ['li:dʒən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大量的人，（尤指）军团： a large body of men and women organized for land warfare
A: ♣例  joined the French Foreign Legion 加入了法国外籍军团
A: ♣近  army, battalion, flock, herd, horde, mob, swarm, throng
A: ♠考法2  adj. 大量的：many, numerous
A: ♣例  The problems are legion. 问题不计其数
A: ♣近  beaucoup, multifold, multitudinous, numerous
A: ♣反  few, lack in number 少量的

Q:lenient  ['li:njənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宽大仁慈的： inclined not to be harsh or strict; merciful, generous, or indulgent
A: ♣例  the lenient sentences 仁慈的审判
A: ♣近  clement, gentle, merciful, mild, sparing, tender, tolerant
A: ♣反  harsh, merciless, severe, strict 残酷的，严厉的
A: ♣派  lenience n. 仁慈

Q:lethal  ['li:θəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常有害的，致命的： extremely harmful; devastating
A: ♣例  This dagger is lethal. 这把匕首是致命的武器‖launched a lethal attack 发动了致命的进攻
A: ♣近  baleful, deadly, deathly, fatal, mortal, murderous, pestilent, terminal, vital
A: ♣反  innocuous 无害的； healthy, salubrious, wholesome 有益健康的

Q:lethargic  [le'θɑ:dʒik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没精打采的，行动迟缓的： of, relating to, or characterized by lethargy, sluggish
A: ♣例  a big nice meal always makes me feel lethargic and sleepy 一顿大餐吃完总是让我既慵懒又想睡
A: ♣近  dull, inert, quiescent, sluggish, torpid
A: ♣反  dynamic, energetic, robust, vigorous 有精力的；active 活跃的

Q:levelheaded  ['levəl'hedid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 明智的： characteristically self-composed and sensible
A: ♣例  a levelheaded assessment of the problem 对于问题的一个明智的评估
A: ♣近  informed, justified, logical, rational, reasonable, sensible, sober, valid, well-founded
A: ♣反  foolish 愚蠢的；groundless, invalid, unfounded, unjustified, unsound 没有根据的，理由不充分的

Q:levity  ['levəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 轻浮： excessive or unseemly frivolity
A: ♣例  The teachers disapprove of any displays of levity during school assemblies. 老师们不允许学生在学校聚会过程中表现出任何轻浮的态度
A: ♣近  facetiousness, flightiness, flippancy, frivolousness, frothiness, silliness
A: ♣反  earnestness, gravity, seriousness, soberness, solemnity 严肃

Q:liability  [,laiə'biləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 责任： the quality or state of being liable
A: ♣例  The company is trying to reduce its liability in this case. 在这个案件中，公司试图减少他们的责任
A: ♣近  accountability, answerability, responsibility
A: ♣反  immunity 豁免权
A: ♠考法2  n. 障碍，不利条件： a feature of someone or something that creates difficulty for achieving success
A: ♣例  Their chief asset has now become a considerable liability. 他们最大的优点如今已成了不可小觑的负担
A: ♣近  burden, debit, drawback, handicap, hurdle, incommodity, manacle, saddle, trammel
A: ♣反  advantage, asset, edge, plus 优点，优势

Q:liberal  ['libərəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 思想前卫的： not bound by traditional ways or beliefs
A: ♣例  parents who take a very liberal attitude toward letting their children stay out late 思想开放，同意让他们的小孩晚归的家长们
A: ♣近  nonconventional, nonorthodox, nontraditional, open-minded, progressive, radical
A: ♣反  conservative, conventional, hidebound, old-fashioned, stodgy, traditional 守旧的，传统的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 慷慨的，大方的： marked by generosity
A: ♣例  a doctor who has been very liberal in dispensing low-cost care to patients who could not otherwise afford it 一个慷慨的医生，愿意帮助无法支付低额药费的病人
A: ♣近  charitable, munificent, unselfish, unsparing, unstinting
A: ♣反  closefisted, miserly, niggardly, parsimonious, stingy, tightfisted 吝啬的

Q:libertine  ['libəti:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 放荡不羁者： one who acts without moral restraint; a dissolute person
A: ♣例  The legend of Don Juan depicts him as a playboy and libertine. 有关唐璜的传说把他描绘成一个放荡不羁的花花公子
A: ♣近  backslider, debaucher, decadent, deviate, pervert, profligate
A: ♣反  ascetic 禁欲者

Q:license  ['laisəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 许可，认可： the approval by someone in authority for the doing of something
A: ♣例  The company is seeking license to operate several more power plants in the state. 公司正在寻求在国内建造更多电厂的许可。‖A restaurant owner has to get a license to serve food and drink. 餐厅营业者必须要获得食物和饮品的销售许可。
A: ♣近  allowance, authorization, clearance, concurrence, consent, empowerment, granting, sanction, warrant
A: ♣反  interdiction, prohibition, proscription 禁止
A: ♠考法2  n. 自由： the right to act or move freely
A: ♣例  Military commanders on the ground must be granted considerable license, as wars cannot be micromanaged by people back in Washington. 战地指挥官应该被赋予相当大的自由，因为一场战争只靠华盛顿的人是不可能打赢的。
A: ♣近  freedom, latitude, liberty
A: ♣反  confinement, custody, imprisonment 拘留，囚禁
A: ♠考法3  n. 放荡： disregard for standards of personal conduct
A: ♣例  a night of drinking and license at the nightclub 夜店里放纵饮酒取乐的一夜
A: ♣近  debauchery, hedonism, libertinage, libertinism, licentiousness, profligacy, voluptuousness
A: ♣反  abstinence, asceticism, sobriety, temperance 节制，克制
A: ♠考法4  vt. 准许，授权使用： to permit

Q:licentious  [lai'senʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 放荡的，性欲强的： lacking legal or moral restraints ; having a strong sexual desire
A: ♣例  a moralist who decried what she regarded as the licentious and corrupt culture of the entertainment industry 一个公开谴责在她看来无比堕落和放荡的娱乐圈文化的道德家
A: ♣近  concupiscent, horny, lascivious, lecherous, libidinous, lubricious, salacious, wanton
A: ♣反  frigid, undersex 性冷淡的
A: ♣派  licentiousness n. 放荡

Q:liken  ['laikən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 显示相似，比较： to see, mention, or show as similar; compare
A: ♣例  Life is often likened to a journey. 生活经常被比作一次旅行
A: ♣近  analogize, bracket, equate, equalize
A: ♣反  contrast 对比，对照以产生反差

Q:limber  ['limbə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可塑的，柔软的： capable of being shaped: flexible
A: ♣例  She shaped the basket out of limber branches. 她用柔软的树枝编了一个筐
A: ♣近  flexible, lissome, lithesome, pliable, pliant, supple
A: ♣反  inflexible, rigid, stiff, stiffened 僵硬的

Q:limp  [limp]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 柔软的，松散的： lacking firm texture, substance, or structure
A: ♣例  Her hair hung limp about her shoulders. 她的头发软沓沓地垂在肩上
A: ♣近  droopy, flaccid, floppy, lank, yielding
A: ♣反  firm, stiff, sturdy, tense 坚硬的；resilient 有弹性的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 软弱的，没有精神的： lacking strength or firmness; weak or spiritless
A: ♣例  The team's limp performance has many people calling for the head coach's resignation. 队伍不给力的表现让许多人呼吁教练下课
A: ♣近  enervated, lackadaisical, languid, languishing, languorous, spiritless
A: ♣反  ambitious, enterprising 有雄心壮志的； animated, energetic, motivated 精力充沛的，有积极性的
A: ♠考法3  vi. 跛行，艰难地行走： to move or proceed haltingly or unsteadily
A: ♣近  The project limped along with half its previous funding. 项目靠着之前一半的资金艰难地进展
A: ♣近  blunder, bumble, lumber, plod, struggle, stumble, trudge

Q:limpid  ['limpid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 透明清澈的： characterized by transparent clearness
A: ♣例  limpid streams 清澈的小溪
A: ♣近  crystal, clear, lucent, pellucid, transparent
A: ♣反  cloudy, murky, opaque, unclear, turbid 模糊不清的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 镇定的，淡定的： free from emotional or mental agitation
A: ♣例  the limpid outlook of a man who is at peace with himself as he awaits death 一个人在平静等待死亡的过程当中所体现出来的淡然的世界观
A: ♣近  collected, composed, cool, level, peaceful, placid, possessed, sedate, serene, smooth, tranquil
A: ♣反  agitated, discomposed, disturbed, flustered, perturbed 焦躁的

Q:linger  ['liŋɡə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 磨蹭，闲荡： to proceed slowly; saunter
A: ♣例  fans lingered outside the door 粉丝们在门外徘徊
A: ♣近  crawl, creep, dally, dawdle, lag, loiter
A: ♣反  hurry, run, rush 飞奔
A: ♣派  lingering adj. 闲荡的

Q:lionize  ['laiənaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 追捧，把…捧为名人： to look on or treat (a person) as a celebrity
A: ♣例  She was lionized everywhere after her novel won the Pulitzer Prize. 在她的小说获得普利策奖之后，她无论走到哪都受到追捧。
A: ♣近  aggrandize, canonize, deify, dignify, elevate, ennoble, enshrine, ensky, enthrone, glorify, magnify
A: ♣反  abase, degrade, demean, humble, humiliate 贬低，瞧不起

Q:lissome  ['lisəm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 柔软的： easily bent; supple
A: ♣例  Rattan is such a lissome material that it can be used for all manner of furniture and baskets. 藤是一种非常柔软而有韧性的材料，因此可以被用于形形色色的家具和篮子之中
A: ♣近  flexible, limber, lithe, pliable, pliant, supple
A: ♣反  solid 坚硬的；inflexible, rigid, stiff, stiffened 僵硬的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 敏捷的，轻盈的： having the ability to move with ease; limber
A: ♣例  a lissome ballerina 身姿矫捷的女芭蕾舞演员
A: ♣近  agile, featly, feline, gracile, lithesome, nimble
A: ♣反  awkward, clumsy, graceless, ungainly 笨拙的

Q:list  [list]
A: ♠考法1  v. 倾斜： to set or cause to be at an angle
A: ♣例  The sudden lift of the load on the deck listed the ship badly. 甲板上货物被突然提起，船陡然倾斜
A: ♣近  angle, cant, heel, incline, pitch, slant, slope, tilt, tip
A: ♣反  erect 竖立

Q:lithe  [laið]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 敏捷的，轻盈的： characterized by easy flexibility and grace
A: ♣例  lithe dancers 灵活优雅的舞者
A: ♣近  agile, featly, feline, gracile, lightsome, nimble
A: ♣反  awkward, clumsy, graceless, ungainly 笨拙的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 柔软的： easily bent or flexed
A: ♣例  lithe branches 柔软的枝条
A: ♣近  flexible, limber, lithe, pliable, pliant, supple
A: ♣反  solid 坚硬的；inflexible, rigid, stiff, stiffened 僵硬的

Q:loath  [ləuθ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不情愿的，讨厌的： unwilling or reluctant; disinclined
A: ♣例  I was loath to accept the fact that he had been killed in a terrorist attack. 我很不情愿地接受了他在一场恐怖袭击中丧生的事实
A: ♣近  disinclined, indisposed, reluctant, reticent
A: ♣反  eager 渴望的；disposed, inclined 有意向的

Q:loathe  [ləuð]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 厌恶： to dislike someone or something greatly; abhor
A: ♣例  I loathe having to do this. 我鄙视不得不这样做。
A: ♣近  abhor, abominate, despise, detest, execrate
A: ♣反  adore, love 热爱
A: ♣派  loathsome adj. 令人讨厌的

Q:lofty  ['lɔfti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 崇高的： elevated in character and spirit, noble
A: ♣例  lofty ideals 崇高的理想
A: ♣近  chivalrous, elevated, greathearted, high-minded, magnanimous, sublime
A: ♣反  base, debased, ignominious, mean 可耻的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 高的： rising to a great height
A: ♣例  lofty mountains 高耸的山峰‖the ever-increasing lofty heights of the world's skyscrapers 不断攀升的摩天大楼的高度
A: ♣近  altitudinous, tall, towering
A: ♣反  low 低的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 自大的： having a feeling of superiority that shows itself in an overbearing attitude
A: ♣例  She acts all lofty and superior just because she went to Stanford University. 她之所以表现得这么自大和不可一世，只因为她考进了斯坦福
A: ♣近  assumptive, bumptious, haughty, lordly, peremptory, pompous, presumptuous, supercilious, superior
A: ♣反  humble, lowly, modest 谦逊的，低调的

Q:loll  [lɔl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 懒洋洋地行动： to act or move in a lax, lazy, or indolent manner
A: ♣例  He lolled back in his comfortable chair. 他懒洋洋地倚在他舒适的椅子上
A: ♣近  slouch, lounge
A: ♠考法2  vi. 偷懒，打发时间： to spend time doing nothing
A: ♣例  Some members of the decorating committee were hard at work, and others were just lolling about. 装修队的一部分人在很努力的工作，另一些则在偷懒
A: ♣近  dally, dawdle, drone, laze

Q:lopsided  ['lɔp'saidid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 歪的，倾斜的： leaning to one side
A: ♣例  The portrait in the foyer was lopsided. 门厅里的画像挂歪了
A: ♣近  askew, aslant, crazy, listing, oblique, pitched, skewed, slanted, tipping, uneven
A: ♣反  even, level, straight 平的
A: ♠考法2  adj.不平衡的，不协调的： lacking in balance, symmetry, or proportion
A: ♣例  The arrangement of the furniture was lopsided. 家具的摆放太不协调了‖a lopsided score of 4-0 四比零的压倒比分
A: ♣近  asymmetric, disproportional, irregular, off-balance, unbalanced, unequal
A: ♣反  balanced 平衡的；symmetrical 对称的

Q:loquacious  [ləu'kweiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 话多的： given to fluent or excessive talk
A: ♣例  Sometimes the loquacious talk show host barely lets her guests get a word in. 有时候多话的脱口秀主持人让她的客人一句话都插不进来
A: ♣近  chatty, conservational, gabby, garrulous, talkative, voluble
A: ♣反  laconic, reserved, reticent, taciturn, uncommunicative 话少的
A: ♣派  loquaciousness, loquacity n.话多

Q:loutish  ['lautiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗鲁的： having the characteristics of a lout; awkward, stupid, and boorish
A: ♣例  a boy with a loutish air 一个举止粗鲁的男孩
A: ♣近  boorish, churlish, clumsy, crude, discourteous, uncouth, uncivilized, uncultured, unrefined
A: ♣反  courteous, civilized, genteel, graceful, polished, refined, urbane有教养的
A: ♣派  lout n. 举止粗鲁的人

Q:lubricate  ['lubrikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使润滑： to coat (something) with a slippery substance in order to reduce friction
A: ♣例  lubricate the gears 给齿轮打润滑油
A: ♣近  grease, oil, slick, smooth, wax
A: ♣派  lubricant n.润滑剂

Q:lucid  ['lju:sid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有光亮的： suffused with light
A: ♣例  Those lucid bands that spread across the arctic sky are known as aurora borealis, or the northern lights. 那些蔓延在北极的天空中光带就是北极光
A: ♣近  beaming, brilliant, dazzling, glowing, incandescent, lucent, luminous, lustrous, radiant, refulgent, splendid
A: ♣反  dim, dull, lackluster 黯淡无光的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 神志清醒的： having full use of one's mind and control over one's actions
A: ♣例  decided to make out her will while she was still lucid 决定趁着她神志还清醒，列出她的遗愿
A: ♣近  balanced, clearheaded, normal, right, sane, stable
A: ♣反  brainsick, crazy, insane, lunatic, mad, maniac 疯狂的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 表达清晰的, 简单易懂的： easily understood
A: ♣例  The teaching assistant tried to make his instructions as lucid as possible so that everyone would understand what to do. 助教努力使自己的指令容易理解，从而让所有人都知道应该要干什么
A: ♣近  apprehensible, clear, comprehensible, intelligible, palpable, patent, pellucid, plain, understandable
A: ♣反  ambiguous, enigmatic, equivocal, indistinct, obfuscated, obscure, unclear 模糊不明确的

Q:ludicrous  ['lju:dikrəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 荒唐的，可笑的： meriting derisive laughter or scorn as absurdly inept, false, or foolish
A: ♣例  He made a ludicrous and easily detected attempt to forge his father’s signature on a note to school. 他试图在要上交学校的纸条上伪造父亲的签名，这实在是既可笑又容易被发现的花招。
A: ♣近  absurd, comical, derisive, derisory, farcical, laughable, ridiculous, pathetic, preposterous, risible, silly
A: ♣反  logical, rational, reasonable, sensible 有道理的

Q:lug  [lʌɡ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 拖动，拉动： to cause to follow by applying steady force on
A: ♣例  lugged the lawn mower out into the backyard 把割草机拖进院子
A: ♣近  drag, draw, hale, pull, tow, tug
A: ♣反  drive, propel, push 推动
A: ♠考法2  vt. 费力搬运： to carry laboriously
A: ♣例  I don't understand why he's always lugging all of his books around when his locker is right over there. 我真搞不懂为什么他总是明明在有锁柜的情况下还随身扛着所有的书
A: ♣近  bear, cart, convey, ferry, haul, lug, pack, tote, transport

Q:lugubrious  [lu:'ɡju:briəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （故作夸张的）悲哀的： mournful, dismal, or gloomy, especially to an exaggerated or ludicrous degree
A: ♣例  his lugubrious tear-stained face他忧郁而带着泪痕的脸庞
A: ♣近  deploring, doleful, dolorous, lamentable, melancholy, morose, plaintive, rueful, saturnine, sullen, woeful
A: ♣反  cheerful, delighted, jocund, jovial 快乐的

Q:lull  [lʌl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 相对平静时期，间隙： a momentary halt in an activity
A: ♣例  the lull before the storm 暴风雨前的平静
A: ♣近  break, breath, interruption, recess
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使镇静，使安心： to free from distress or disturbance
A: ♣例  The absence of attacks for such an extended period had lulled the nation into a false sense of security. 长期以来没有遭受攻击让这个国家产生了一种错误的安全感
A: ♣近  allay, balm, becalm, compose, lullaby, quiet, salve, settle, soothe, still, tranquilize
A: ♣反  agitate, discompose, disquiet, disturb, perturb, upset, vex 打扰，扰乱

Q:lullaby  ['lʌləbai]
A: ♠考法1  n. 催眠曲： a song to quiet children or lull them to sleep
A: ♣例  sang a lullaby to the baby every night 每晚都给孩子唱摇篮曲
A: ♣近  berceuse, cradlesong
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使镇静，使安心： to free from distress or disturbance
A: ♣例  reclining peacefully on the deck, lullabied by the gentle motion of the ship 躺卧在甲板上，随着船轻轻的颠簸放松下来
A: ♣近  allay, balm, becalm, compose, lull, quiet, salve, settle, soothe, still, tranquilize
A: ♣反  agitate, discompose, disquiet, disturb, perturb, upset, vex 打扰，扰乱

Q:lumber  ['lʌmbə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 木材： tree logs as prepared for human use
A: ♣例  A huge amount of lumber will be needed to build the house. 建这栋房子需要大量的木材
A: ♣近  timber, wood
A: ♠考法2  vi. 笨拙地行动： to walk or move with heavy clumsiness
A: ♣例  The elephant lumbered through the jungle. 大象缓缓地穿越丛林
A: ♣近  flounder, plod, stumble, trudge
A: ♣反  glide, slide 轻松地滑动
A: ♠考法3  vi. 使负担（从而拖累）： to place a weight or burden on
A: ♣例  lumber the expedition with unnecessary equipment and supplies 不必要的仪器和补给品给此次远征徒增了许多负担
A: ♣近  burden, encumber, freight, lade, laden, saddle, weight
A: ♣反  disburden, discharge, disencumber, unlade, unload 卸下，解脱

Q:luminary  ['lju:minəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 杰出人物： a person who has achieved eminence in a specific field
A: ♣例  Buddhist luminary 佛学大师‖Luminaries from the worlds of sports, entertainment, and politics were at the gala. 全球体育界、娱乐圈和政界的名人都出席了此次盛会
A: ♣近  celebrity, eminence, figure, icon, notability, star, superstar
A: ♣反  nobody, nonentity 小人物

Q:luminous  ['lju:minəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 发光的，有光泽的： emitting or reflecting usually steady, suffused, or glowing light
A: ♣例  The luminous moon bathed the snow-covered fields with a pearly glow. 在明亮的月光下，雪地仿佛被罩上了一层珍珠般的光晕。
A: ♣近  beaming, bright, candescent, dazzling, effulgent, glowing, incandescent, lambent, lucent, lucid, lustrous, radiant, refulgent, shiny, splendid
A: ♣反  dim, dull, lackluster 黯淡无光的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 杰出的，重要的： standing above others in rank, importance, or achievement
A: ♣例  some of the most luminous writers in the nation’s history 该国历史上最杰出的一批作家
A: ♣近  astral, brilliant, distinguished, illustrious, notable, noteworthy, preeminent, prestigious, redoubtable, signal
A: ♣反  average, inferior, mediocre 一般的，中庸的
A: ♣派  luminosity n. 发光；亮度

Q:lurch  [lə:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 蹒跚： to move forward while swaying from side to side
A: ♣例  The ship lurched in the storm. 船在风暴中摇摆前行
A: ♣近  careen, dodder, falter, reel, stagger, stumble, teeter, totter, waddle
A: ♣反  progress smoothly 平稳前进；march, stride, swagger 游行，大步走

Q:lurid  ['ljuərid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恐怖的，令人反感的： causing horror or revulsion
A: ♣例  We quickly drove past the lurid scene of the crash. 我们迅速驶过了可怕的车祸现场。
A: ♣近  appalling, atrocious, dreadful, frightful, ghastly, gruesome, hideous, horrid, horrific, macabre, monstrous, nightmarish
A: ♣近  agreeable, appealing, delicious, delightful, enjoyable, enticing, inviting, pleasant, satisfying 令人愉悦的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 面色苍白的，病态的： wan and ghastly pale in appearance
A: ♣例  The doctor was alarmed by the patient's lurid complexion. 病人惨白的面色给医生敲响了警钟。
A: ♣近  ashen, ashy, blanched, cadaverous, doughy, livid, mealy, paled, pallid, pasty, peaked, wan
A: ♣近  blooming, florid, flush, full-blooded, glowing, rosy, rubicund, ruddy, sanguine 红润的，健康的

Q:lurk  [lə:k]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 潜伏： to lie in wait in a place of concealment especially for an evil purpose
A: ♣例  Dangers lurk in the path of wilderness. 在这条荒野的小路上隐伏着危险
A: ♣近  ambush, snake, steal
A: ♣反  appear, come out 出来

Q:lush  [lʌʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 茂盛的： growing vigorously especially with luxuriant foliage
A: ♣例  lush grass 茂盛的草
A: ♣近  booming, exuberant, flourishing, lively, luxuriant, rampant, thriving, verdant, vivacious
A: ♣反  blighted, faded, sere, withered 干枯的，凋谢的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 多产的： producing abundantly
A: ♣例  His lush fields were the envy of neighboring farmers. 他富饶多产的土地让邻居羡慕嫉妒恨
A: ♣近  cornucopian, fecund, fruitful, productive, prolific, rich
A: ♣反  barren, dead, infertile, sterile, unproductive 贫瘠的
A: ♠考法3  adj. （声音、味道）优美的，令人愉悦的： appealing to the senses
A: ♣例  the lush sounds of the orchestra 管弦乐队奏出的悦耳声音
A: ♣近  ambrosial, luscious, palatable, savory, sensuous, tasteful, tasty, voluptuous
A: ♣反  flat, flavorless, insipid, stale, tasteless 乏味的

Q:lustrous  ['lʌstrəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有光泽的： having a shiny surface or finish
A: ♣例  lustrous black hair 乌黑光亮的头发
A: ♣近  brilliant, burnished, gleaming, glistening, glossy, polished, refulgent, rubbed, shining, sleek, splendid
A: ♣反  dim, dull, lackluster, lusterless 昏暗的

Q:luxurious  [lʌk'zjuəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 豪华的： showing obvious signs of wealth and comfort
A: ♣例  The luxurious apartment was filled with the latest electronic gadgets and fine works of art. 豪华的公寓里充斥着最新式的电子产品和精美的艺术作品
A: ♣近  deluxe, lavish, luxuriant, luxury, opulent, palatial, plushy, silken, sumptuous
A: ♣反  ascetic, austere, spartan 简朴的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 奢侈的： given to or marked by excessive gratification of one's desires
A: ♣例  squandered his family fortune in the relentless satisfaction of his luxurious tastes 为满足他奢侈的品味而挥霍家族的财产
A: ♣近  decadent, indulgent, overindulgent, self-indulgent, sybaritic
A: ♣反  abstemious, abstinent 克制的
A: ♣派  luxury n. 豪华；奢侈，奢侈品

Q:lyric  ['lirik]
A: ♠考法1  n. （可以哼唱的）小曲： a short musical composition for the human voice often with instrumental accompaniment
A: ♣例  The guitarist improvised and sang a gentle lyric while playing. 吉他手在弹奏的过程中即兴创作并哼唱了一首小曲
A: ♣近  ballad, ditty, jingle, vocal
A: ♠考法2  adj. 如诗歌般流畅甜美的： having a pleasantly flowing quality suggestive of poetry or music
A: ♣例  The film's lyric photography really enhanced its romantic mood. 电影中如诗歌般的图像效果着实增强了浪漫的氛围
A: ♣近  euphonious, lyrical, mellifluous, mellow, melodious, musical, poetical
A: ♣反  prosaic, prose 无聊乏味的
A: ♣派  lyrics n. 歌词

Q:macabre  [mə'kɑ:brə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恐怖的： suggesting the horror of death and decay; gruesome
A: ♣例  Impressively, Plants vs. Zombies presented a supposedly macabre themeinsuch anenjoyableway. 令人难忘的是，《植物大战僵尸》将一个本应该十分恐怖的主题用一种如此欢乐的方式呈现出来
A: ♣近  appalling, atrocious, dreadful, ghastly, gruesome, hideous, horrific, nightmarish, terrific
A: ♣反  agreeable, delightful, enjoyable, pleasant 令人愉悦的

Q:macerate  ['mæsəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 浸泡（以软化）： to make soft by soaking or steeping in a liquid
A: ♣例  macerate the sample in ethanol 用乙醇浸软试样
A: ♣近  drench, drown, impregnate, saturate, sodden, sop, souse, steep
A: ♣反  wring 拧干；dehydrate, desiccate, parch, sorch, sear 烤干，烤焦

Q:machination  [,mæki'neiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 诡计： a scheming or crafty action or artful design intended to accomplish some usually evil end
A: ♣例  The incredibly complicated machination to assassinate the president inevitably failed. 刺杀总统的诡计极其复杂，以至于不可避免地失败了。
A: ♣近  conspiracy, design, intrigue, plot, scheme

Q:maculate  ['mækjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使有斑点，弄脏： to spot, blemish
A: ♣例  Her reputation was maculated after the affair with a married man. 自从被指与一个已婚男士有染之后，她的名声受到了影响
A: ♣近  besmirch, dot, dirty,soil, spot,stain
A: ♣反  clean, cleanse, purify, wash 清洗，弄干净
A: ♣派  maculated adj. 有斑点的

Q:madcap  ['mædkæp]
A: ♠考法1  n. 热爱冒险的人： a person who seeks out very dangerous or foolhardy adventures with no apparent fear
A: ♣例  an incorrigible madcap who loves drag racing and white-water rafting 一个热爱飙车和激流竹筏的无药可救的冒险狂
A: ♣近  daredevil, madman
A: ♠考法2  adj. 大胆的，鲁莽的： behaving or acting impulsively or rashly;foolishly adventurous or bold
A: ♣例  They switched from one madcap scheme to another. 他们从一个鲁莽的方案换到了另一个。
A: ♣近  audacious, bold, brash, daredevil, overbold, overconfident, reckless, temerarious
A: ♣反  careful, cautious, circumspect, guarded, heedful, prudent, wary 谨慎的，小心的

Q:maelstrom  ['meilstrɔm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 漩涡： a powerful often violent whirlpool sucking in objects within a given radius
A: ♣例  Their raft got caught in a maelstrom. 他们的筏被一个漩涡卷住了
A: ♣近  gulf, vortex, whirlpool
A: ♠考法2  n. 混乱、动荡的局势： a violent or turbulent situation
A: ♣例  the maelstrom of war 战争带来的乱世
A: ♣近  chaos, disorder, pandemonium, tulmult, turmoil, upheaval, uproar
A: ♣反  calm 风平浪静

Q:magnificent  [mæɡ'nifisənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 壮丽的： strikingly beautiful or impressive
A: ♣例  a magnificent cathedral 宏伟壮观的大教堂
A: ♣近  august, epic, glorious, grand, imperial, imposing, massive, monumental, noble, regal, splendid
A: ♣反  humble, unimpressive 平凡的
A: ♣派  magnificence n. 壮丽，壮观

Q:magnitude  ['mæɡnitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 重要，重大： greatness in significance or influence
A: ♣例  The magnitude of the issue is severely underestimated. 这个事件的重要性被严重低估了。
A: ♣近  account, consequence, importance, moment, momentousness, significance, weight, weightiness
A: ♣反  insignificance, littleness, puniness, slightness, smallness, triviality 不重要
A: ♠考法2  n. 巨大： greatness in size or extent
A: ♣例  The mountain's sheer magnitude usually leaves tourists speechless. 巨大的山脉往往让旅游者哑口无言。
A: ♣近  enormousness, giantism, gigantism, hugeness, immenseness, massiveness, prodigiousness, vastness
A: ♣反  diminutiveness, minuteness, tininess 微小

Q:maladroit  [,mælə'drɔit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 笨拙的： lacking or showing a lack of nimbleness in using one's hands
A: ♣例  a maladroit movement 笨拙的动作
A: ♣近  awkward, bumbling, clumsy, fumbled, gauche, graceless, heavy-handed, inept, unhandy
A: ♣反  adroit,ambidexterous, deft, dexterous, handy 灵巧的

Q:malaise  [mæ'leiz]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不舒服： a vague feeling of bodily discomfort, as at the beginning of an illness
A: ♣例  He complained of depression, headaches and malaise. 他抱怨说感到沮丧、头痛和身体不适
A: ♣近  debility, decrepitude, disease, feebleness, infirmity, infirmness, sickliness, unhealthiness

Q:malcontent  ['mælkən,tent]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不满分子： one who is in active opposition to an established order or government
A: ♣例  The chaos was caused by a handful of malcontents. 混乱是由一小撮不满分子引起的
A: ♣近  complainer, faultfinder, grouch, rebel
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不满的： dissatisfied with the existing state of affairs
A: ♣例  The film follows three malcontent teenagers around Paris. 电影围绕着三个不满现实的青少年在巴黎展开
A: ♣近  discontented, discontent, disgruntled, displeased, dissatisfied, ungratified
A: ♣反  contented, fulfilled, gratified, pleased, satisfied 满意的

Q:malevolent  [mə'levələnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶意的，恶毒的： having, showing, or arising from intense often vicious ill will, spite, or hatred
A: ♣例  The novel grossly oversimplified the conflict as a struggle between relentlessly malevolent villains on one side and faultless saints on the other. 小说把这场斗争彻底简化成凶残恶毒的坏人和完美无暇的圣人间的纠纷。
A: ♣近  cruel, despiteful, evil, malicious, malign, malignant, mean, nasty, spiteful, vicious, virulent
A: ♣反  benevolent, benign, benignant 善意的，和善的
A: ♣派  malevolence n. 恶意，恶毒

Q:malicious  [mə'liʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶意的： given to, marked by, or arising from malice; deliberately harmful
A: ♣例  spread malicious gossips 散播恶意的流言蜚语
A: ♣近  bad, cruel, despiteful, evil, malevolent, malign, mean, nasty, spiteful, vicious, virulent, wicked
A: ♣反  benevolent, benign, benignant, charitable, kind, kindly 善良的，仁慈的

Q:malign  [mə'lain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶意的： having or showing a desire to cause someone pain or suffering for the sheer enjoyment of it
A: ♣例  Both parties to the divorce showed a malign desire to make each other's future life utterly miserable. 离婚双方都表露出了恶毒的愿望，希望对方未来的生活陷入彻底的悲剧之中
A: ♣近  bad, cruel, despiteful, evil, malevolent, malicious, mean, nasty, spiteful, vicious, virulent, wicked
A: ♣反  benevolent, benign, benignant, charitable, kind, kindly 善良的，仁慈的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 诽谤： to utter injuriously misleading or false reports about: speak evil of
A: ♣例  the belief that it is possible to win an election without maligning anyone 一种信念，那就是要赢得一场选举就不得不诽谤他人
A: ♣近  asperse, blacken, calumniate, defame, libel, smear, traduce, vilify
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, eulogize, extol, laud, praise 赞美；defend, vindicate 辩护

Q:malignant  [mə'liɡnənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶毒的，邪恶的： having or showing a desire to cause someone pain or suffering for the sheer enjoyment of it; disposed to do evil
A: ♣例  She has a malignant wish to poison everyone who was smarter, richer, or better-looking than she was. 她有着一个恶毒的愿望，那就是毒死所有比她聪明、有钱或者是比她更漂亮的人。
A: ♣近  atrocious, brutal, cruel, despiteful, malevolent, malicious, malign, mean, nasty, spiteful, vicious, virulent
A: ♣反  benevolent, benign, benignant 慈善的，和蔼的；merciful 仁慈的

Q:malinger  [mə'liŋɡə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 装病以逃避工作： to pretend or exaggerate incapacity or illness (as to avoid duty or work)
A: ♣例  He claims he's ill, but I think he's just malingering. 他声称他病了，但我觉得他是装的
A: ♣近  goldbrick, shirk
A: ♣反  confront, face, meet 面对
A: ♣派  malingerer n. 装病以逃避工作的人

Q:malleable  ['mæliəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可塑的： capable of being extended or shaped by beating with a hammer or by the pressure of rollers
A: ♣例  a malleable metal 有延展性的金属
A: ♣近  moldable, waxy
A: ♠考法2 adj. 易控制的： capable of being altered or controlled by outside forces or influences
A: ♣例  The cult leader took advantage of the malleable, compliant personalities of his followers. 这个头目利用了他的信徒们容易被控制和顺从的特征
A: ♣近  ductile, elastic, fluid, modifiable, plastic, pliable, pliant, supple, variable
A: ♣反  adamant, intractable, recalcitrant, refractory, ungovernable, unmanageable, unruly 难管制的

Q:malodorous  [mæl'əudərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶臭的： having an unpleasant smell
A: ♣例  American musteline will eject amalodorous fluid when startled. 美洲鼬科动物受惊吓时会喷出有恶臭味的液体
A: ♣近  fetid, foul, frowsy, funky, fusty, musty, noisome, rank, reeky, smelly, stinking, stinky
A: ♣反  ambrosial, aromatic, fragrant, perfumed, redolent, savory, scented, sweet 芳香的，有香味的
A: ♣派  malodorn. 恶臭

Q:mandatory  ['mændətəri:]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 强制的： forcing one's compliance or participation
A: ♣例  GRE test is mandatory for all students, regardless of their nationality, who wish to apply for graduate schools in the United States. GRE是每个申请美国研究生院的学生（无论国籍）所必须参加的考试
A: ♣近  compulsory, forced, imperative, incumbent, involuntary, necessary, obligatory, peremptory, required
A: ♣反  elective, optional, voluntary 可自由选择的，选修的

Q:maneuver  [mə'nu:və]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 巧妙地操纵： to guide with adroitness and design or to bring about or secure as a result of skillful management
A: ♣例  They maneuvered him into signing the contract. 他们巧妙地诱使他签下合同。‖The host maneuvered the conversation so as to avoid the touchy subject of her divorce. 主人巧妙地控制着对话的内容，以避免触及有关她离婚的敏感话题。
A: ♣近  contrive, finagle, finesse, frame, machinate, manipulate, mastermind, negotiate, wangle
A: ♣反  botch, bungle, fumble, mishandle, muff, scamp, mess up 弄砸

Q:mangle  ['mæŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 损毁，使伤残： to injure with deep disfiguring wounds by cutting, tearing, or crushing
A: ♣例  His body was mangled beyond recognition. 他的尸体已经被损毁到无法辨认的程度了
A: ♣近  batter, deform, disfigure, distort, lacerate, mutilate, rend, wreck
A: ♣反  cure, heal, rehabilitate 治愈，康复
A: ♠考法2  vt. 弄砸： to ruin or spoil through ineptitude or ignorance
A: ♣例  The orchestra had completely mangled Bach’s music. 乐队彻底演砸了巴赫的音乐
A: ♣近  blow, bumble, bungle, butcher, fumble , mar, mess, ruin, foul up, screw up

Q:mangy  ['meindʒi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 卑劣的： mean; contemptible
A: ♣例  a mangy trick 卑鄙的手段
A: ♣近  base, contemptible, debased, despicable, detestable, execrable, mean, sordid, squalid
A: ♣反  lofty, noble, upright, venerable, virtuous 正直的，有道德的

Q:mania  ['meiniə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 热衷，狂热： an excessively intense enthusiasm, interest, or desire; a craze
A: ♣例  a mania for neatness 强烈的洁癖
A: ♣近  ardor, craze, enthusiasm, fervor, obsession, passion, preoccupation, prepossession, zeal
A: ♣反  apathy, indifference, nonchalance, torpor 冷漠，麻木
A: ♣派  manic adj.疯狂的

Q:manifest  ['mænifest]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 显然的，明显易懂的： clearly apparent to the sight or understanding; obvious
A: ♣例  He is a manifest poseur. 他显然是个装模作样的人
A: ♣近  apparent, clear, distinct, evident, lucid, obvious, palpable, patent, perspicuous, plain, transparent
A: ♣反  cryptic, enigmatic, indistinct, mysterious, obfuscated, obscure, unclear 晦涩的，难懂的
A: ♠考法2  v. 显现，显露： to make evident or certain by showing or displaying
A: ♣例  His frustration is often manifested by a minor facial tic. 他的沮丧通常会从脸部的细微抽搐中表现出来
A: ♣近  bespeak, betray, demonstrate, display, evince, expose, reveal
A: ♣反  conceal, hide 隐藏
A: ♣派  manifesto n. 宣言，声明

Q:manipulate  [mə'nipjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 巧妙操作： to move, arrange, operate, or control by the hands or by mechanical means, especially in a skillful manner
A: ♣例  manipulate a foreign language 熟练地掌握外语
A: ♣近  handle, finesse, manage
A: ♣反  bungle, fumble 笨拙地做
A: ♠考法2  vt. 暗中操控： to influence or manage shrewdly or deviously
A: ♣例  He manipulated public opinion in his favor. 他巧妙地将大众观点导向了有利于他的一边
A: ♣近  machinate, maneuver
A: ♣派  manipulation n.操纵，控制

Q:mannered  ['mænəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不自然的，做作的： having an artificial or stilted character
A: ♣例  a mannered speech 做作的演讲
A: ♣近  affected, artificial, assumed, factitious, fake, feigned, pretended, pseudo, sham, spurious
A: ♣反  natural 自然的；artless, genuine, unfeigned 真诚的

Q:manumit  [,mænju'mit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 解放（奴隶）： to release from slavery or bondage
A: ♣例  Though he was an outspoken defender of liberty, this son of Virginia did not manumit his own slaves until he was on his deathbed. 尽管这位维吉尼亚之子公开地支持自由，但他直到临死才释放自己的奴隶
A: ♣近  free, emancipate, enfranchise, liberate, loose, release, unbind, unchain, unshackle
A: ♣反  detain 拘留；enchain, enfetter, enslave 奴役

Q:manuscript  ['mænjuskript]
A: ♠考法1  n. 手稿： a book, document, or other composition written by hand
A: ♣例  beautiful Latin manuscript on the school's diplomas 学校毕业证书上美丽的手写拉丁文
A: ♣近  calligraphy, penmanship, script
A: ♣反  print, type, typewriting 打字稿

Q:mar  [mɑ:]
A: ♠考法1  n.污点，坏点： something that spoils the appearance or completeness of a thing
A: ♣例  mars on the furniture 家具上的污点
A: ♣近  blight, blotch, defect, deformity, disfigurement, fault, flaw, imperfection, mark, pockmark, scar
A: ♠考法2  vt. 破坏，削弱： to impair the soundness, perfection, or integrity of; spoil
A: ♣例  The once flatroad surface is now marred by numerous potholes. 曾经平整的路面如今被坑洞所破坏‖an election marred by sexual scandal 被性丑闻蒙上阴影的选举
A: ♣近  blemish, compromise, cripple, damage, deface, disfigure, harm, hurt, impair, injure, spoil, vitiate
A: ♣反  doctor, fix, mend, patch, renovate, repair 修补；adorn, beautify, bedeck, embellish, garnish 装饰

Q:marginal  ['mɑ:dʒinəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 边缘的： located at or near a border
A: ♣例  Marginal locations in the open-air market are a bit cheaper. 露天市场边缘的地段通常都要便宜些。
A: ♣近  frontier
A: ♣反  interior 内在的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不重要的： not of central importance
A: ♣例  regards violence as a marginal rather than a central problem 并不把暴力问题当作重要的核心问题来看
A: ♣近  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, minor, minute, negligible, nugatory, slight, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, eventful, important, meaningful, momentous, significant, substantial, weighty 重要的

Q:marsh  [mɑ:ʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 沼泽，湿地： an area of soft, wet, low-lying land
A: ♣例  The marshes along the coast support a remarkable profusion of plants and animals. 沿着海岸线一带的沼泽为大量的动植物提供了栖息所
A: ♣近  bog, fen, marshland, mire, moor, morass, quagmire, slough, swamp, wetland
A: ♣派  marshy adj.潮湿的

Q:martinet  [,mɑ:ti'net]
A: ♠考法1  n. 纪律严明之人： a strict disciplinarian
A: ♣例  He's a retired lieutenant and a bit of a martinet. 他是一个退役的中尉，并且是一个有点纪律严明的人
A: ♣近  disciplinarian, purist, stickler
A: ♣反  reprobate 放纵的人

Q:marvel  ['mɑ:vəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 令人惊奇的事物： one that evokes surprise, admiration, or wonder
A: ♣派  The robot is a marvel of modern engineering. 机器人是工程领域的奇迹
A: ♣近  flash, miracle, phenomenon, prodigy, splendor
A: ♠考法2  v.（因为壮观、美丽等而）表示惊讶： to feel amazement or bewilderment at or about
A: ♣派  marvel at the tranquility of Chopin’s nocturne 惊叹于肖邦夜曲中体现出来的宁静和祥
A: ♣近  gape, gaze, goggle, wonder
A: ♣派  marvelous adj.令人惊奇的

Q:mash  [mæʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 捣碎： to cause to become a pulpy mass
A: ♣例  mash potatoesbefore adding it to the mixture 在混合之前捣碎土豆
A: ♣近  crush, grind, smash, squeeze
A: ♣反  agglomerate 聚集成团

Q:masquerade  [,mæskə'reid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 面具，伪装： a display of emotion or behavior that is insincere or intended to deceive
A: ♣例  Although she was deeply bored, she maintained a masquerade of polite interest as her guest droned on. 尽管她早已对客人滔滔不绝的话感到厌倦，但她还是装出了一幅饶有兴致的样子以示礼貌
A: ♣近  facade, guise, mask, pretense, semblance, show, veil
A: ♠考法2  v. 伪装，掩饰： to disguise oneself
A: ♣例  masquerade as a policeman化装成警察
A: ♣近  act, disguise, pose, pretend
A: ♣反  betray, disclose, reveal, unmask 揭露

Q:mastery  ['mɑ:stəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 技艺超群，精通： possession or display of great skill or technique
A: ♣例  She has mastery of several languages. 她熟练掌握多种语言
A: ♣近  deftness, dexterity, finesse, prowess, virtuosity
A: ♣反  amateurishness 业余
A: ♣派  masterful adj. 精通的

Q:matriculate  [mə'trikjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 入学，录取： to admit or be admitted into a group, especially a college or university.
A: ♣例  matriculate at Princeton 在普林斯顿入学
A: ♣近  admit, enroll, inscribe, recruit, register
A: ♣反  commence, graduate 毕业；delist 除名
A: ♣派  matriculation n. 录取

Q:maudlin  ['mɔ:dlin]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过于感伤的： effusively or tearfully sentimental
A: ♣例  Some naive students display an almost maudlin concern for the welfare of animals while ignoring basic social inequity. 一些幼稚的学生忽视根本的社会不公平问题，而对动物的权益表现出一种多愁善感的忧虑
A: ♣近  lachrymose, mawkish, mushy, overemotional, sentimental, tearful
A: ♣反  blithe,cheerful, jocund, jovial, jubilant高兴的；apathetic,impassive, indifferent 冷漠的

Q:maven  ['meivin]
A: ♠考法1  n. 专家： one who is experienced or knowledgeable: expert
A: ♣例  As an investment maven, he was doing well even when the market was doing poorly. 作为一名投资高手，他在市场不景气的时候也能赚钱
A: ♣近  ace, adept, connoisseur, expert, maestro, master, professional, proficient, virtuoso
A: ♣反  amateur, dabbler, dilettante 业余爱好者

Q:maverick  ['mævərik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 特立独行之人： a person who does not conform to generally accepted standards or customs
A: ♣例  Some mavericks believe that both gravity and light are electromagnetic forces. 一些特立独行的人认为，重力和光都是电磁力
A: ♣近  bohemian, deviant, heretic, iconoclast, nonconformist
A: ♣反  conformer, conformist, conventionalist 遵从传统的人
A: ♠考法2  adj. 标新立异的，不合常规的： deviating from commonly accepted beliefs or practices
A: ♣例  a maverick view on marriage 关于婚姻的非传统看法
A: ♣近  dissentient, dissenting, dissident, heterodox, iconoclastic, unorthodox
A: ♣反  conforming, conventional, orthodox 遵从传统的

Q:mawkish  ['mɔ:kiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过度伤感的： excessively and objectionably sentimental
A: ♣例  a mawkish love story 令人伤感的爱情故事
A: ♣近  lachrymose, maudlin, mushy, overemotional, sentimental, tearful
A: ♣反  blithe,cheerful, jocund, jovial, jubilant 高兴的；apathetic, impassive, indifferent 冷漠的

Q:meager  ['mi:ɡə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贫乏的： deficient in quantity, fullness, or extent; scanty
A: ♣例  meager cultural resources 贫乏的文化资源
A: ♣近  exiguous, niggardly, poor, scanty, scarce, skimpy, slender, slim, sparing, sparse, stingy
A: ♣反  abundant, ample, bountiful, copious, generous, liberal, plenteous, plentiful 大量的，富足的

Q:mean  [mi:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 卑贱的： ignoble; base
A: ♣例  a mean trick to play on a credulous person 耍在一个轻信别人的人身上的卑劣诡计
A: ♣近  base, contemptible, despicable, detestable, dirty, dishonorable, execrable, ignominious, sordid
A: ♣反  lofty, noble, venerable, virtuous高尚的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 吝啬的： giving or sharing as little as possible
A: ♣例  a mean child who hoarded all her toys 一个把她所有的玩具都藏了起来的小气孩子
A: ♣近  closefisted, mingy, miserly, niggardly, parsimonious, penurious, tightfisted, ungenerous
A: ♣反  generous, liberal, munificent 慷慨的；extravagant, lavish, prodigal, profligate, spendthrift 浪费的
A: ♠考法3  v. 打算，怀有目的： to have in mind as a purpose or goal
A: ♣例  I mean to win this race. 我一定要赢这场比赛
A: ♣近  aim, aspire, calculate, contemplate, design, intend, meditate, plan
A: ♠考法4  v. 意味着： to serve or intend to convey, show, or indicate
A: ♣例  The national anthem means various things to various people. 对于不同的人来说，国歌的意义不尽相同
A: ♣近  connote, denote, express, import, signify, spell
A: ♣派  meaningful adj. 有意义的

Q:meander  [mi'ændə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 闲逛，漫步： to move aimlessly and idly without fixed direction
A: ♣例  meander along the river 沿着河闲逛‖vagabonds meandering through life 漂泊一生的浪子
A: ♣近  amble, cruise, drift, float, ramble, roam, saunter,stroll, wander

Q:measly  ['mi:zli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 少得可怜的，微不足道的： so small or unimportant as to warrant little or no attention
A: ♣例  gave the parking attendant a measly tip给了停车保安少得可怜的小费
A: ♣近  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, minute, paltry, peanut, petty, slight, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  big, consequential, considerable, significant 大量的，重要的

Q:measured  ['meʒəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 深思熟虑的，审慎的： deliberated, calculated
A: ♣例  a measured response to the terrorist attack 就恐怖袭击做出的深思熟虑的反应
A: ♣近  advised, calculated, considered, knowing, reasoned, studied, thoughtful, weighed
A: ♣反  casual 随意的 ；uncalculated, unconsidered, unstudied 没仔细考虑过的

Q:meddle  ['medl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 干涉，管闲事： to intrude into other people's affairs or business; interfere
A: ♣例  Please stop meddling in my marriage. 请不要来干涉我的婚姻
A: ♣近  interfere, interlope, intermeddle, intrude, obtrude, poke, pry, snoop
A: ♣反  disregard, ignore, neglect, omit, overlook 忽略，不理会
A: ♣派  meddlesome adj. 爱管闲事的

Q:mediate  ['mi:dieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 调解，调停： to intervene between two or more disputants in order to bring about an agreement, a settlement, or a compromise
A: ♣例  mediate a labor-management dispute 调解劳工纠纷
A: ♣近  conciliate, intercede, intermediate, interpose
A: ♣反  arouse, encourage, excite, foment, incite, inflame, instigate, pique, spark, stimulate, stir 煽动激起
A: ♣派  mediator n. 调停人

Q:mediocre  [,mi:di'əukə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平庸的，质量中等偏下的： moderate to inferior in quality; ordinary
A: ♣例  Without a desire for success, life is at best mediocre. 没有对成功的强烈渴望，人生最多也就是碌碌无为
A: ♣近  average, common, commonplace, fair, indifferent, medium, ordinary
A: ♣反  outstanding, excellent, exceptional, extraordinary, impressive, superior 优秀的
A: ♣派  mediocrity n. 平庸者；平庸

Q:meditate  ['mediteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 思索，沉思： to focus one’s thoughts on
A: ♣例  meditated a visit to her professor 思索着去拜访她的导师‖I have been meditating a career change for months. 我花了几个月的时间在考虑换一个工作。
A: ♣近  cogitate, consider, contemplate, deliberate, mull, perpend, ponder, ruminate, study, weigh, wrestle
A: ♣反  disregard, ignore, overlook, slight 忽视
A: ♣派  meditation n. 沉思

Q:medley  ['medli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大杂烩，混合物： an unorganized collection or mixture of various things
A: ♣例  a medley of snack foods available on the buffet table 自助餐桌上供应着各式各样的小吃
A: ♣近  agglomerate, collage, hodgepodge, jumble, montage, motley, muddle, salad, shuffle, variety, welter

Q:meek  [mi:k]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谦恭的： showing patience and humility; gentle
A: ♣例  He was a meek, mild-mannered fellow. 他是个谦逊、温文尔雅的的人
A: ♣近  humble, modest, unassuming, unpretentious
A: ♣反  arrogant, bumptious, haughty, imperious, pompous, presumptuous, supercilious 自大的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 顺从的： easily imposed on; submissive
A: ♣例  He may be self-effacing, but he certainly isn't meek. 他可能是个很低调的人，但他绝非软骨头
A: ♣近  compliant, docile, manageable, obedient, submissive, tractable
A: ♣反  adamant, headstrong, intractable, obstinate, refractory, stubborn, unruly, unyielding 倔强的，不顺从的

Q:meet  [mi:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 合适的： precisely adapted to a particular situation, need, or circumstance: very proper
A: ♣例  In this case, splitting the winnings of the contested lottery ticket seems like a meetsolution. 在这种情况下，平分有争议的彩票奖金或许是个合适的解决方案
A: ♣近  applicable, appropriate, apt, becoming, befitting, felicitous, fitting, proper, right, suitable
A: ♣反  improper, inapplicable, inapposite, inappropriate, inapt, infelicitous, malapropos 不合适的

Q:mellifluous  [mə'lifluəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （曲调）优美的： smooth and sweet
A: ♣例  a mellifluous voice 甜美的嗓音
A: ♣近  dulcet, euphonious, mellifluent, mellow, melodious
A: ♣反  cacophonous, raspy 刺耳的

Q:melodramatic  [,melədrə'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 感情夸张的，伤感的： exaggeratedly emotional or sentimental; histrionic
A: ♣例  Our office drama queen yet again made the melodramatic declaration that she was contemplating suicide. 我们办公室的“影后”又一次在危言耸听了：这回她说她准备自杀
A: ♣近  dramatic, hammy, histrionic, mannered, pretentious, stagy
A: ♣反  nondramatic, nontheatrical 平淡无奇的，非戏剧性的

Q:menace  ['menəs]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 威胁，使处于危险： to make a show of intention to harm; to place in danger
A: ♣例  Stockpiles of nuclear weapons that continue to menace the inhabitants of this planet. 大量的核武器持续地威胁着这个行星上的居民
A: ♣近  compromise, hazard, imperil, jeopardize, peril, risk, threaten
A: ♣反  rescue, save 救出
A: ♣派  menacing adj. 带有威胁的

Q:mendacious  [men'deiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 撒谎的，虚假的： telling or containing lies
A: ♣例  mendacious tales about his adventures 关于他冒险的虚假传说
A: ♣近  dishonest, deceitful, fallacious, lying, spurious, untruthful
A: ♣反  authentic, honest, truthful, veracious 真实的，诚实的

Q:menial  ['mi:niəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 仆人，奴仆： a servant, especially a domestic servant
A: ♣例  Immigrants to that country faced fierce prejudice and could expect to find work only as menials. 前往那个国家的移民遭到了严重的歧视，他们也许只能找到像仆人一类的工作。
A: ♣近  domestic, retainer, steward
A: ♣反  lord, master, mistress 主人
A: ♠考法2  adj. 卑贱的，低下的： showing, expressing, or offered in a spirit of humility or unseemly submissiveness
A: ♣例  low-paid menial jobs such as cleaning the street 一些低收入的卑贱工作，比如扫大街
A: ♣近  base, humble, lowly, servile, slavish, subservient
A: ♣反  arrogant, haughty, imperious, lordly, supercilious, superior 自大的，狂妄的

Q:mentor  ['mentɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 导师： a trusted counselor or guide
A: ♣例  not only an lecturer but also a spirit mentor 不仅是授课者，还是精神导师
A: ♣近  advisor, coach, counselor, guide, instructor, teacher
A: ♣反  disciple, pupil 弟子；apprentice 学徒
A: ♠考法2  vt. 教导，指导： to give advice and instruction regarding the course or process to be followed
A: ♣例  We're looking for volunteers to mentor students in career planning. 我们在寻找能指导学生职业规划的志愿者
A: ♣近  coach, counsel, lead, pilot, shepherd, show, tutor
A: ♣反  comply, follow, observe 遵从

Q:mercenary  ['mə:sinəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 雇佣军： a professional soldier hired for service in a foreign army
A: ♣例  hire a mercenary army to protect the VIP 雇佣了一支佣兵来保护重要人物
A: ♣近  hack
A: ♠考法2  adj. 唯利是图的，贪婪的： motivated solely by a desire for monetary or material gain
A: ♣例  Virtue flies from the heart of a mercenary man. 唯利是图的人没有美德可言
A: ♣近  acquisitive, avaricious, avid, covetous, grasping, greedy, moneygrubbing, rapacious
A: ♣反  benevolent, generous, liberal, philanthropic, munificent 慷慨的

Q:mercurial  [mə:'kjuəriəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （情绪）善变的： characterized by rapid and unpredictable changeableness of mood
A: ♣例  his mercurial temperament 他善变的脾气
A: ♣近  capricious, changeful, fluctuating, fluid, mutable, temperamental, uncertain, variable, volatile
A: ♣反  certain, constant, immutable, invariable, settled, stable, steady, unvarying稳定的，不变的

Q:meretricious  [,meri'triʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 艳俗的，俗气的： attracting attention in a vulgar manner
A: ♣例  The paradise they found was no more than a meretricious wasteland of casinos and bars. 他们所发现的所谓“天堂”只不过是一块有着赌场和酒吧的俗气不堪的荒漠罢了。
A: ♣近  flamboyant, flaring, flashy, garish, gaudy, glaring, loud, ostentatious, tawdry
A: ♣反  conservative, quiet, understated, unflamboyant 低调的，不张扬的

Q:merited  ['meritid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 应得的，理所当然的： being what is called for by accepted standards of right and wrong
A: ♣例  a merited bonus 应得的奖金‖The punishment, although harsh, was entirely merited. 虽然惩罚很严厉，但的确是应得的
A: ♣近  condign, deserved, due, fair, justified, right, warranted
A: ♣反  undeserved, undue 不应得的；gratuitous, unjustified, unwarranted没有根据的，无正当理由的

Q:mesh  [meʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 诱捕： to catch or hold as if in a net
A: ♣例  Dolphins sometimes become meshed in fishnets. 有时海豚也会被渔网缠住
A: ♣近  enmesh, ensnare, ensnarl, entoil, entrap, net, snare, tangle, trap
A: ♣反  disentangle, untangle 解开，使解脱

Q:mesmeric  [mez'merik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 催眠的，催眠术的： of, relating to, or induced by mesmerism
A: ♣近  hynoptic
A: ♣反  awaking 觉醒的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 令人着迷的，难以抗拒的： attracting and holding interest as if by a spell
A: ♣例  the mesmeric recital 迷人的独奏
A: ♣近  attractive, alluring, captivating, charming, drawing, enchanting, riveting
A: ♣反  disgusting, loathesome, repellent, repulsive 令人厌恶的；unappealing, unattractive没有吸引力的
A: ♣派  mesmerism n. 催眠术，难以抗拒的魅力；mesmerize v. 催眠

Q:metamorphose  [,metə'mɔ:fəuz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 变形： to change into a different physical form especially by supernatural means
A: ♣例  a science fiction story in which radiation metamorphoses people into giant bugs 一个描绘辐射将人变成了巨大虫子的科幻小说
A: ♣近  alchemize, transfigure, transform, transmute, transpose, transubstantiate
A: ♣反  remain 保持

Q:metaphysical  [,metə'fizikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 哲学上的，理论上的： dealing with or expressing a quality or idea
A: ♣例  a work that deals with such metaphysical questions as the very nature of knowledge 一部探讨诸如“知识的本性是什么”的理论问题的著作
A: ♣近  conceptual, ideal, ideational, notional, theoretical
A: ♣反  concrete 具体的，实实在在的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 非尘世的： of, relating to, or being part of a reality beyond the observable physical universe
A: ♣例  a metaphysical world beyond the one in which we live 在我们居住的世界之上的“超然世界”
A: ♣近  ethereal, heavenly, otherworldly, paranormal, preternatural, transcendental, unearthly, unworldly
A: ♣反  mundane 世俗的；natural 自然界的

Q:meteoric  [,mi:ti'ɔrik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 流星般迅速而短暂的： similar to a meteor in speed, brilliance, or brevity
A: ♣例  a meteoric rise to fame 一夜成名
A: ♣近  ephemeral, evanescent, fleeting, momentary, rapid, transient, transitory
A: ♣反  enduring, lasting, permanent, prolonged 持久的

Q:methodical  [mi'θɔdikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 井然有序的，有条理的： arranged or proceeding in regular, systematic order
A: ♣例  a methodical summary that included lists of points to memorize 一份包含了记忆重点的有条理的总结
A: ♣近  neat, orderly, organized, regular, systematic, systematized
A: ♣反  disorganized, haphazard, irregular, unsystematic 杂乱的，混乱无序的

Q:meticulous  [mi'tikjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极为谨慎的： marked by extreme or excessive care in the consideration or treatment of details
A: ♣例  He was so meticulous about everything. 他对所有事都一丝不苟
A: ♣近  careful, conscientious, exact, fussy, heedful, painstaking, punctilious, scrupulous
A: ♣反  careless, feckless, heedless, thoughtless 疏忽大意的

Q:mettle  ['metl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 勇气： vigor and strength of spirit or temperament
A: ♣例  troops who showed their mettle in combat 在战场上表现出坚强勇气的部队
A: ♣近  bravery, courage, dauntlessness, fortitude, guts, nerve, pluck, spirit, spunk, valor
A: ♣反  cowardice, cravenness, gutlessness, pusillanimity, spinelessness 胆小，怯懦
A: ♠考法2  n. 毅力，耐力： staying quality: stamina
A: ♣例  Those trucks had proved their mettle in army transport. 那些卡车通过在军队运输中的表现证明了它们的耐用性
A: ♣近  durability, endurance, stamina, persistence, resolution
A: ♣派  mettlesome adj. 有毅力的

Q:miff  [mif]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使恼怒： to cause to become offended or annoyed
A: ♣例  be miffed by her son’s disobedience 被她儿子的叛逆惹恼
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, enrage, exasperate, incense, infuriate, ire, madden, nettle, peeve, umbrage, vex
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, mollify, placate, propitiate 平息，安抚；delight, gratify, please 取悦，讨好

Q:migratory  ['maiɡrətəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 迁移的： having a way of life that involves moving from one region to another typically on a seasonal basis
A: ♣例  migratory birds heading south for the winter 为了越冬而往南飞的候鸟
A: ♣近  migrant, mobile, nomad, nomadic, traveling
A: ♣反  nonmigrant, resident, sedentary 常居一处的，不迁移的

Q:milieu  ['mi:ljə:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 环境，氛围： the physical or social setting in which something occurs or develops
A: ♣例  Young, innovative artists thrive in the freewheeling milieu that a big city offers. 在那个大都市所提供的自由氛围中，年轻而富有创造力的艺术家们的事业蓬勃发展。‖ahistorical milieu conducive to democracy 有助于民主制度的历史背景
A: ♣近  ambient, atmosphere, climate, context, environment, environs, medium, setting, surroundings, terrain

Q:military  ['militəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 军事的，军用的： of or relating to soldiers, arms, or war
A: ♣例  NATO struggles with how to proceed military operation against Libya. 北约就如何延续针对利比亚的军事行动出现了内部分歧。‖an encyclopedia of modern military aircraft 现代军用飞行器百科全书
A: ♣近  martial, service
A: ♣反  civilian 民用的

Q:milk  [milk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 榨取（财富、信息等）： to draw or coerce profit or advantage from illicitly or to an extreme degree
A: ♣例  milk the workers 从工人身上榨取好处‖The interrogators milked the arrested spy, but he was dry. 审问者想尽办法套被捕间谍的话，但是无功而返
A: ♣近  drain, exploit

Q:mime  [maim]
A: ♠考法1  v. 模仿： to use (someone or something) as the model for one's speech, mannerisms, or behavior
A: ♣例  miming a dog begging for food 模仿小狗乞食
A: ♣近  ape, copy, copycat, emulate, mimic, simulate

Q:mimic  ['mimik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 仿真的，仿造的： being such in appearance only and made with or manufactured from usually cheaper materia
A: ♣例  Police were concerned that the mimic gun, although intended only as a toy, might be confused with the real thing in certain situations. 尽管仿真枪只是玩具，但警方担忧在某些情况下它会被误认为是真枪
A: ♣近  artificial, bogus, factitious, fake, false, imitative, mock, sham, simulated, substitute, synthetic
A: ♣反  genuine, natural, real 真实的
A: ♠考法2  v. 做滑稽的模仿（以取笑）： to copy or exaggerate (someone or something) in order to make fun of
A: ♣例  The comedian was famous for mimicking the President's distinctive lisp. 这个演员因能滑稽地模仿总统特有的口齿不清而闻名
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, do, imitate, mock, parody, send up, spoof, travesty
A: ♠考法3  v. 模仿： to use (someone or something) as the model for one's speech, mannerisms, or behavior
A: ♣例  began to learn their language by mimicking the sounds they made 通过模仿发音来学习语言
A: ♣近  ape, copy, copycat, emulate, mimic, simulate
A: ♣派  mimicry n. 模仿

Q:minatory  ['minətəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 带来威胁的，有凶兆的： being or showing a sign of evil or calamity to come
A: ♣例  The novel's protagonist is haunted by a minatory black specter. 小说的主人公被不详的黑色幽灵所骚扰
A: ♣近  baleful, direful, doomy, foreboding, ill-boding, inauspicious, menacing, portentous, sinister, threatening
A: ♣反  unthreatening 不威胁的；reassuring 令人安心的

Q:mince  [mins]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 切碎： to cut or chop into very small pieces
A: ♣例  I'll buy some lean meat and mince it myself. 我会买一些瘦肉然后自己切好的
A: ♣近  cut, dice, grind, hash
A: ♠考法2  vi. 小步走： to walk with very short steps or with exaggerated primness
A: ♣例  The bride minced through the cathedral. 新娘踏着细小的步伐穿过教堂
A: ♣反  stride 大步走

Q:mingle  ['miŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 参加社交活动： to take part in social activities
A: ♣例  mingling at a cocktail party 在鸡尾酒会上与他人交往
A: ♣近  associate, fraternize, socialize
A: ♠考法2  vt. 混合，结合： to mix so that the components become united
A: ♣例  mingle the ingredients 将调料混合‖mingle fact and fiction 糅杂了现实与幻想
A: ♣近  mix, amalgamate, blend, commingle, immingle, intermix, merge
A: ♣反  divide, separate, sunder 分开

Q:minimize  ['minimaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 将…减到最少： to reduce to the smallest possible amount, extent, size, or degree
A: ♣例  All striking forces are told to minimize civilian casualties. 所有攻击部队被要求尽可能减少平民伤亡
A: ♣近  deprecate, diminish, discount, reduce
A: ♣反  inflate, magnify 膨胀，扩大；maximize 最大化
A: ♠考法2  vt. 刻意低估： to underestimate intentionally
A: ♣例  minimize losses in our own company while maximize those of the rival 低估我方损失而高估对手损失
A: ♣近  underestimate, underrate, undervalue
A: ♣反  overestimate 高估；exaggerate 夸张，夸大
A: ♠考法3  vt. 表示鄙夷： to express scornfully one's low opinion of
A: ♣例  Sore losers minimized the other team's victory. 愤愤不平的失败者对获胜方的胜利表现出鄙夷
A: ♣近  belittle, denigrate, deprecate, depreciate, derogate, diminish, disparage, trash, vilipend
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, exalt, extol, glorify, laud, magnify, praise 欢呼，赞扬
A: ♣派  minimum adj. 最小的

Q:mint  [mint]
A: ♠考法1  n. 巨额： an abundant amount, especially of money
A: ♣例  worth a mint 价值连城
A: ♣近  bomb, boodle, bundle, fortune, pile, wad
A: ♣反  mite, modicum 少量
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无损坏的： unmarred as if fresh from a mint
A: ♣例  a second-handed laptop in mint condition 一台几乎全新的二手笔记本电脑
A: ♣近  intact, original, perfect, pristine, unmarred, virginal
A: ♣反  impaired, damaged 有损坏的；stale 陈腐的

Q:minuscule  ['minəskju:l]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极小的： very small
A: ♣例  a miniscule progress 极小的进步
A: ♣近  atomic, infinitesimal, microscopic, miniature, minute, tiny
A: ♣反  colossal, elephantine, enormous, gargantuan, gigantic, huge, immense, mammoth, prodigious 巨大的

Q:minute  ['minit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 仔细的，谨小慎微的： characterized by careful scrutiny and close examination
A: ♣例  a minute description of the setting of the story 故事背景的详细介绍
A: ♣近  circumstantial, elaborate, full, particular, particularized, thorough
A: ♣反  brief, compendious, concise, succinct, summary, terse 摘要性的，简述的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 小的，不重要的： very small or of small importance
A: ♣例  It is not sagacious to invest excessively in minute details. 过分投入于不重要的细枝末节上是不明智的
A: ♣近  frivolous, incidental, inconsiderable, insignificant, little, minor, negligible, nugatory, slight, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, critical, crucial, momentous, significant, vital, weighty 关键的，重要的
A: ♣派  minutes n. 会议记录

Q:minutia  [mi'nju:ʃiə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 次要的细节，小事： a minute or minor detail
A: ♣例  plagued by minutiae 被不重要的细节困扰
A: ♣近  triviality
A: ♣反  gist 要点

Q:mirage  ['mirɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 海市蜃楼，幻想： something illusory and unattainable like a mirage
A: ♣例  Reunion with her husband has become a mirage. 与他丈夫重逢已是可望而不可及的幻象‖A peaceful solution proved to be a mirage. 和平解决问题是不可能的了
A: ♣近  chimera, delusion, hallucination, illusion, phantom, vision
A: ♣反  reality 现实

Q:mire  ['maiə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 困境： a difficult, puzzling, or embarrassing situation from which there is no easy escape
A: ♣例  stuck in a mire of emotional dependency 陷于感情依赖的困境中
A: ♣近  dilemma, hole, impasse, jam, pickle, quagmire, rattrap, swamp
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使陷入困境，拖后腿： to hamper or hold back as if by mire
A: ♣例  be mired in the past 陷于过去的回忆不能自拔
A: ♣近  bog, broil, delay, detain, entangle, entrap, retard
A: ♣反  enfranchise, extricate, free, liberate, rescue 使解脱

Q:mirth  [mə:θ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 欢乐，欢笑： gladness or gaiety as shown by or accompanied with laughter
A: ♣例  a man of little mirth 不苟言笑之人
A: ♣近  cheer, festivity, gaiety, glee, happiness, hilarity, jocundity, joviality, lightheartedness
A: ♣反  dejection, depression, desolation, despondence, doldrums, melancholy, oppression 沮丧，忧伤
A: ♣派  mirthful adj. 高兴的

Q:misanthropic  [,mizən'θrɔpik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 反人类的： having or showing a deep distrust of human beings and their motives
A: ♣例  a solitary and misanthropic artist 一个孤立的反人类艺术家
A: ♣近  antisocial, cynical, pessimistic
A: ♣反  philanthropic 博爱的；uncynical 不愤世嫉俗的
A: ♣派  misanthrope n. 反人类份子

Q:misapprehension  ['mis,æpri'henʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 错误的理解： a failure to understand correctly
A: ♣例  tried to eliminate all misapprehensions about the planned riverfront development 尽可能消除所有关于河流沿岸发展计划的误解
A: ♣近  incomprehension, misconstruction, misconstruing, misimpression, misinterpretation, misknowledge, misreading, misunderstanding
A: ♠考法2  n. 错误的判断： a wrong judgement
A: ♣例  a common misapprehension about how our language functions 有关我们的语言如何运作的常见误判
A: ♣近  miscalculation, misjudging, misjudgment, misstep, slip, slipup

Q:misbehaving  [,misbi'heiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 调皮的，行为不端的： engaging in or marked by childish misbehavior
A: ♣例  a new approach for disciplining a chronically misbehaving child 一个教育调皮小孩的新方法
A: ♣近  annoying, devious, errant, impish, mischievous, naughty, playful, wicked
A: ♣反  decorous, urbane 举止得体的

Q:mischievous  ['mistʃivəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 调皮的，调皮的： playful in a naughty or teasing way
A: ♣例  The mischievous child broke the vase. 调皮的孩子打碎了花瓶
A: ♣近  annoying, devious, errant, impish, misbehaving, naughty, playful, wicked
A: ♣反  decorous, urbane 举止得体的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有害的： causing harm or trouble
A: ♣例  mischievous rumors that defame him 恶意中伤他的谣言
A: ♣近  adverse, baleful, baneful, deleterious, detrimental, evil, hurtful, injurious, nocuous, noxious, pernicious
A: ♣反  beneficial 有益的；anodyne, benign, harmless, innocent, innocuous, inoffensive, safe 无害的

Q:misconstrue  ['miskən'stru:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 误解，曲解： to mistake the meaning of
A: ♣例  An outsider might misconstrue the nature of the phenomenon. 局外者可能会曲解这个现象的本质
A: ♣近  garble, misapprehend, misinterpret, misperceive, misread, misrepresent, mistake
A: ♣反  appreciate, apprehend, catch, comprehend, fathom, grasp, perceive, savvy, seize, understand 获知

Q:miscreant  ['miskriənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 恶棍，罪犯： one who behaves criminally or viciously
A: ♣例  robbed by a bunch of miscreants 遭到了一伙歹徒的抢劫
A: ♣近  brute, culprit, devil, felon, fiend, offender, rascal, reprobate, villain
A: ♣反  cavalier, chevalier （尤指对女士）彬彬有礼的绅士

Q:misdemeanor  [,misdi'mi:nə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 轻罪： a crime less serious than a felony
A: ♣例  charged with several misdemeanors 被指控几项轻罪
A: ♣近  infraction, infringement, offense, peccadillo, violation
A: ♣反  felony 重罪

Q:miserly  ['maizəli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吝啬的： marked by grasping meanness and penuriousness
A: ♣例  a miserly couple devoid of social conscience and responsibility 一对没有社会良心和责任感的吝啬夫妻
A: ♣近  closefisted, mean, niggard, parsimonious, penurious, stingy, tightfisted
A: ♣反  lavish, prodigal, spendthrift, squandering 浪费的；generous, liberal, munificent, openhanded 慷慨的
A: ♣派  miser n. 守财奴

Q:misfortune  [mis'fɔ:tʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不幸： bad fortune or ill luck
A: ♣例  unable to grasp why he had been struck by such a misfortune 无法理解他为何会遇上如此不幸之事
A: ♣近  adversity, calamity, cataclysm, catastrophe, disaster, ill, mischance, mishap, tragedy
A: ♣反  fortune, luck, serendipity 幸事

Q:misgiving  [,mis'ɡiviŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 担忧，疑虑： a feeling of doubt or suspicion especially concerning a future event
A: ♣例  No one can dispel his misgiving. 没有人能打消他的疑虑
A: ♣近  apprehension, distrust, doubt, dread, fear, foreboding, incertitude, skepticism, suspicion
A: ♣反  assurance, belief, certainty, certitude, confidence, conviction, sureness, surety, trust 信心

Q:mishap  ['mishæp]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不幸之事： an unfortunate accident
A: ♣例  Mishap followed wherever he went. 不论他走到哪里，厄运总是形影相随
A: ♣近  adversity, calamity, cataclysm, catastrophe, disaster, ill, mischance, misfortune, tragedy
A: ♣反  fortune, luck, serendipity 幸事

Q:misrepresent  ['mis,repri'zent]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 误传，篡改： to give an incorrect or misleading representation of
A: ♣例  misrepresent the facts 篡改事实真相
A: ♣近  belie, color, distort, falsify, garble, misinterpret, misrelate, misstate, pervert
A: ♣反  clarify, explain, illuminate, illustrate 澄清，阐明
A: ♣派  misrepresentation n. 篡改

Q:mite  [mait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 微小的东西，很少的钱： a very small object, creature, or particle, a very small sum of money
A: ♣例  I have only a mite left to buy lunch for the rest of the week. 我只剩下一点钱来买剩下一周几天的午饭了
A: ♣近  atom, bit, hint, iota, molecule, particle, pittance, trace
A: ♣反  boodle, bundle, fortune 大笔（金钱）；colossus 巨大的事物

Q:mitigate  ['mitiɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 减轻痛苦，使缓和： to make less severe or painful
A: ♣例  powerful drugs that mitigate pains 强力的镇痛剂
A: ♣近  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe
A: ♣反  aggravate, exacerbate, intensify 加剧
A: ♣派  mitigation n. 缓和

Q:mobile  ['məubail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可移动的： capable of moving or being moved
A: ♣例  a mobile missile launcher 可移动导弹发射装置
A: ♣近  motile, movable, portable, transportable
A: ♣反  immobile, immovable 不可移动的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 可变的： changeable in appearance, mood, or purpose
A: ♣例  a highly mobile face 善变的面孔
A: ♣近  adaptable, fluid, inconstant, mercurial, mutable, protean, unstable, unsteady, variable, versatile
A: ♣反  fixed, steadfast, stable 稳定的，不变的
A: ♣派  mobility n. 可移动性；mobilize v. 动员

Q:mockery  ['mɔkəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 鄙视，嘲弄： scornfully contemptuous ridicule
A: ♣例  Her deliberate mockery triggered a fierce fight. 她的蓄意嘲弄引起了一场激烈的打斗
A: ♣近  derision, joke, mock, ridicule, scoffing
A: ♣反  respect, reverence, veneration 尊敬
A: ♠考法2  n. 以嘲笑为目的的模仿： a false, derisive, or impudent imitation
A: ♣例  arbitrary methods that make a mockery of justice 嘲讽司法公正的仲裁体系
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, farce, parody, sham, travesty
A: ♣派  mock v. 愚弄，嘲弄

Q:moderate  ['mɔdərət]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使缓和： to lessen the intensity or extremeness of
A: ♣例  Sopranos and tenors moderates their voices to fit the size of the theater. 女高音和男高音们根据剧场的大小调节他们的声音以创造合适的效果
A: ♣近  abate, diminish, dwindle, ease, lessen, lower, modulate, subside, taper, temper, wane
A: ♣反  escalate, enhance, expand, heighten, intensify 扩大，升级，增强
A: ♠考法2  adj. 适度的，中庸的： being within reasonable limits; not excessive or extreme
A: ♣例  The new proposals regarding defense budget were met with only moderate enthusiasm. 关于国防预算的新提案只得到了平淡的回应
A: ♣近  average, conservative, fair, intermediate, mediocre, modest, reasonable, temperate
A: ♣反  exorbitant, excessive 过分的；extreme, radical 极端的
A: ♣派  immoderate adj. 不适度的

Q:modicum  ['mɔdikəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 少量： a small portion; a limited quantity
A: ♣例  a modicum of food quota 极少量的食物配额
A: ♣近  atom, iota, mite, molecule, particle
A: ♣反  abundance, affluence 大量

Q:mollify  ['mɔlifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 平息抚慰，缓和： to calm in temper or feeling
A: ♣例  mollify the angry customer 平息消费者的怒气
A: ♣近  allay, alleviate, appease, assuage, conciliate, mitigate, placate, propitiate, soothe
A: ♣反  aggravate, enrage, exasperate, incense, inflame, infuriate, ire, rankle, vex 激怒；antagonize 使敌对
A: ♣派  mollification n. 安抚

Q:mollycoddle  ['mɔli,kɔdl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 溺爱： to treat with an excessive or absurd degree of indulgence and attention
A: ♣例  mollycoddle his only grandson 溺爱他唯一的孙子
A: ♣近  coddle, cosset, indulge, pamper, spoil
A: ♣反  abuse, ill-treat 虐待

Q:molt  [məult]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 脱（羽、皮等）： to shed hair, feathers, shell, horns, or an outer layer periodically
A: ♣例  Snakes molt as they grow, shedding the old skin and growing a larger new skin. 随着年龄的增长，蛇会脱去老皮，长出新皮
A: ♣近  exfoliate, exuviate, shed
A: ♣反  fledge 长羽毛

Q:momentous  [məu'mentəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极重要的： of utmost importance; of outstanding significance or consequence
A: ♣例  Battle of Stalingrad is a momentous campaign in World War 2. 斯大林格勒之战是第二次世界大战中具有重大意义的一次战役
A: ♣近  consequential, considerable, crucial, eventful, important, monumental, pivotal, significant, vital, weighty
A: ♣反  inconsequential, negligible, slight, trifling, trivial 无关紧要的

Q:momentum  [məu'mentəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 动力： impetus of a physical object in motion
A: ♣例  Their luck began to pick up momentum. 他们的运气开始转旺
A: ♣近  boost, encouragement, goad, impetus, incentive, incitation, instigation, motivation, spur, stimulus
A: ♣反  deterrent 阻碍物；obstruction, resistance 阻力

Q:monarch  ['mɔnək]
A: ♠考法1  n. 君主，帝王： one who rules over a people with a sole, supreme, and usually hereditary authority
A: ♣例  The ruling monarch of Britain at that time was Queen Elizabeth I. 伊丽莎白一世是当时英国的君主。
A: ♣近  autocrat, lord, potentate, ruler, sovereign
A: ♠考法2  n. 巨头，大亨： a person of rank, power, or influence in a particular field
A: ♣例  the reigning monarchs of the recording industry 唱片业的巨头们
A: ♣近  baron, captain, king, lion, lord, magnate, mogul, prince, tycoon
A: ♣反  nobody, nothing, zero 不起眼的人物
A: ♣派  monarchy n. 君主体制

Q:mongrel  ['mʌŋɡrəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 杂种的，混血儿的： of mixed origin or character
A: ♣例  homeless mongrel dogs on the streets 街上的流浪杂种狗
A: ♣近  crossbred, hybrid
A: ♣反  purebred 纯种的

Q:monochromatic  [,mɔnəukrəu'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 单色的： having or consisting of one color or hue
A: ♣例  monochromatic filter 单色滤光片
A: ♣近  colorless, monochrome
A: ♣反  chromatic, colorful, iridescent, motley, rainbow, variegated 五光十色的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 单调无聊的： lacking variety, creativity, or excitement
A: ♣例  a monochromatic article eulogizing a hero 一个无聊的赞颂英雄的文章
A: ♣近  arid, dreary, drudging, dull, jejune, monotonous, pedestrian, ponderous, stale, stodgy, tiresome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 吸引人的
A: ♣派  monochromatism n. 全色盲

Q:monologue  ['mɔnəlɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 独白：a dramatic sketch performed by one actor
A: ♣例  deliver a tedious monologue 做了一个冗长的独白
A: ♣近  soliloquy, solo, speech
A: ♣反  dialogue 对话

Q:monopolize  [mə'nɔpəlaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 垄断，主宰： to have complete control over
A: ♣例  They are virtually monopolizing the market. 他们实际上已经垄断了整个市场。‖To their surprise is was the vice president who monopolized the conversation. 令他们惊讶的是，主导整个谈话的居然是副总裁。
A: ♣近  control, dominate, govern, reign, rule, sew up
A: ♣派  monopoly n. 垄断，垄断权

Q:monotonous  [mə'nɔtənəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （声音）单调的： uttered or sounded in one unvarying tone
A: ♣例  a monotonous apathetic voice 单调而冷漠的声音
A: ♣反  vociferous 嘈杂的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 清一色的，无聊的： tediously uniform or unvarying
A: ♣例  a sparkle in the monotonous background 单调背景中的一个亮点
A: ♣近  arid, dreary, drudging, dull, jejune, monochromatic, pedestrian, ponderous, stale, stodgy, tiresome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 吸引人的

Q:montage  [mɔn'tɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大杂烩： an unorganized collection or mixture of various things
A: ♣例  My memories of the childhood trip are a montage of the sights of two rivers, smells of hotpots, and sounds of light railway of Chongqing. 我孩提时代旅行的记忆就是由两江风光、火锅的香味以及重庆的轻轨声杂糅而成的
A: ♣近  agglomerate, collage, hodgepodge, medley, motley, salad, variety

Q:moratorium  [,mɔrə'tɔ:riəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 延期，暂缓施行： a suspension of activity
A: ♣例  a moratorium on nuclear tests 暂缓核试验
A: ♣近  abeyance, delay, doldrums, dormancy, latency, quiescence, postponement, suspension
A: ♣反  resumption （从中断处）继续进行

Q:morbid  ['mɔ:bid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 病态的： affected with or induced by disease
A: ♣例  exhibit a morbid fascination 展现出一种病态的迷恋
A: ♣近  diseased, pathological
A: ♣反  verdant 青翠的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 思想性格变态的： characterized by preoccupation with unwholesome thoughts or feelings
A: ♣例  read the account of the murder with a morbid interest 怀着病态的心态读谋杀报告
A: ♣近  brainsick, crazy, deranged, lunatic, psychotic
A: ♣反  hale, salubrious, wholesome 健康的
A: ♣派  morbidity n. 病态

Q:mordant  ['mɔ:dənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 尖酸刻薄的： biting and caustic in thought, manner, or style
A: ♣例  feel embarrassed about the mordant satire of the critics 对评论家刻薄的讽刺感到尴尬
A: ♣近  acerbic, acid, acrid, barbed, caustic, corrosive, pungent, sardonic, satiric, scalding, scathing, tart
A: ♣反  congenial, genial 和蔼的

Q:moribund  ['mɔribʌnd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 即将结束的，垂死的： approaching death; about to die
A: ♣例  The nation’s banking industry was moribund. 这个国家的银行业危在旦夕
A: ♣近  decadent, deteriorating, dying, expiring, fading
A: ♣反  beginning, nascent 初生的，刚开始的；lively, thriving, vigorous, vital 有活力的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 即将过时的： on the verge of becoming obsolete
A: ♣例  Some social conventions have been rendered moribund in face of modernization. 不少传统习俗在现代化的影响下变得岌岌可危
A: ♣近  antiquated, archaic, dated, fossilized, moth-eaten, outdated, outworn, rusty
A: ♣反  fresh, new 崭新的；promising 充满希望的

Q:morose  [mə'rəus]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 忧郁的： having a sullen and gloomy disposition
A: ♣例  morose job seekers who are inured to rejection 习惯了被拒的郁郁寡欢的求职者
A: ♣近  bleak, chill, dark, depressed, dire, dour, gloomy, lugubrious, saturnine, solemn, sulky, sullen, surly
A: ♣反  bright, cheerful, festive, jovial, jocund, sanguine, lighthearted, rejoiced 高兴的，欢快的

Q:mosaic  [məu'zeiik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 综合物，马赛克般的东西： an unorganized collection or mixture of various things
A: ♣例  a mosaic of testimony from various witnesses 从不同证人中得来的综合证词
A: ♣近  agglomerate, collage, hodgepodge, jumble, montage, motley, muddle, salad, shuffle, variety, welter

Q:mosque  [mɔsk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 清真寺： a building used for public worship by Muslim
A: ♣例  a deadly suicide attack at the mosque 在清真寺发生的致命自杀性袭击
A: ♣近  cathedral, chapel, church, temple

Q:moth-eaten  ['mɔθ,i:tən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过时的：having passed its time of use or usefulness
A: ♣例  dressed in a moth-eaten style 过时的衣着
A: ♣近  antiquated, archaic, dated, fossilized, moribund, outdated, outworn, rusty
A: ♣反  fresh, new 崭新的；promising 充满希望的

Q:motile  ['məutail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 能动的：exhibiting or capable of movement
A: ♣例  Aircraft carriers are recognized as a motile combat platform. 航空母舰是一种移动作战平台
A: ♣近  mobile, movable, portable, transportable
A: ♣反  immobile 不可移动的
A: ♣派  motility n. 可运动性

Q:motivate  ['məutiveit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 刺激，激发： to provide with an incentive; move to action
A: ♣例  questions that excite and motivate youth 激发青年人的问题
A: ♣近  excite, galvanize, impel, innervate, provoke, rouse, stimulate
A: ♣反  discourage, dishearten 使泄气
A: ♣派  motivation n. 动机；motivated adj. 被激励的

Q:motley  ['mɔtli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 混杂的，富于变化的： (especially of colors) having elements of great variety or incongruity
A: ♣例  an arrangement of motley flowers 多种不同花束的组合
A: ♣近  assorted, chromatic, kaleidoscopic, heterogeneous, indiscriminate, magpie, piebald, variegated
A: ♣反  homogeneous, monochromatic, monotonous, unvaried 单一的，同一性的

Q:mottle  ['mɔtl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 标记上杂色斑点： to mark with spots or blotches of different shades or colors
A: ♣例  a black horse mottled with white 身上带有白色斑点的黑马
A: ♣近  blotch, dapple, dot, marble, splotch, spot, stain
A: ♣反  blanch 漂白
A: ♣派  mottled adj. 斑驳的

Q:motto  ['mɔtəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 座右铭： a short expression of a guiding principle
A: ♣例  “Semper fidelis” is the motto of US Marine Corps. “永远忠诚”是美国海军陆战队的格言
A: ♣近  catchword, doctrine, dogma, idiom, slogan

Q:mournful  ['mɔ:nful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 悲伤的： feeling or expressing sorrow or grief
A: ♣例  The mournful survivors of the disaster were faced with the grim task of burying the dead. 悲伤的幸存者面临着掩埋灾难中死者尸体的可怕任务‖Mrs. Murphy fainted at the mournful news of her son’s death. Murphy太太听到她儿子的死讯后晕了过去
A: ♣近  aching, agonized, anguished, doleful, dolorous, grievous, lamentable, lugubrious, melancholy, sad, woeful
A: ♣反  cheerful, delighted, jocund, jovial, jubilant 快活的
A: ♣派  mournfulness n. 悲伤

Q:movement  ['mu:vmənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 运动： the act or process of moving
A: ♣例  There appears to be some movement in the bush. 树丛中似乎有动静
A: ♣近  action, motion, operation, shifting, stir
A: ♣反  motionlessness, stasis 静止

Q:muddy  ['mʌdi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不干净的： not clean
A: ♣例  got muddy after playing outside 在外面玩弄得很脏
A: ♣近  besmirched, dingy, draggled, dusty, filthy, foul, nasty, smudged, smutty, soiled, sordid, stained, sullied
A: ♣反  clean, immaculate, spotless, stainless, unsoiled, unstained, unsullied 干净的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 浑浊的，不清晰的： lacking in clarity or brightness
A: ♣例  a muddy recording 嘈杂不清的纪录
A: ♣近  cloudy, foul, murky, obscure, turbid
A: ♣反  clear 清晰的
A: ♠考法3  v. 使难以理解： to make (something) unclear to the understanding
A: ♣例  That point is irrelevant and will just muddy the issue we're trying to resolve. 那个观点和讨论我们的问题毫不相干，它只会妨碍我们对于问题的理解
A: ♣近  becloud, befog, blur, cloud, fog, obfuscate
A: ♣反  clarify, illuminate 阐明

Q:muffle  ['mʌfl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使消声： to wrap or pad in order to deaden the sound
A: ♣例  close the window to muffle the outside noises 关上窗户以减少外界的噪音
A: ♣近  attenuate, dampen, deaden, mute, soften, stifle, suppress
A: ♣反  amplify, enhance, magnify 放大，增强
A: ♣派  muffler n. 围巾；消音器

Q:mulish  ['mju:liʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执的： unreasonably and inflexibly obstinate
A: ♣例  a mulish determination to act on his own 铁了心要单打独斗
A: ♣近  adamant, headstrong, immovable, intractable, obstinate, pertinacious, perverse, refractory, stubborn
A: ♣反  flexible, pliable, pliant, yielding 易改变立场的，易受影响的
A: ♣派  mulishly adv. 固执地

Q:mumble  ['mʌmbl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 说话含糊： to utter words in a low confused indistinct manner
A: ♣例  He mumbled an apology reluctantly. 他不情愿地咕哝了句抱歉
A: ♣近  grunt, murmur, mutter, whisper
A: ♣反  articulate, enunciate 清楚地表达

Q:mundane  [,mʌn'dein]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 尘世的，世俗化的： of, relating to, or typical of this world
A: ♣例  As for opera, I prefer mundane to religious themes. 与宗教主题相比，我更喜欢世俗主题的歌剧
A: ♣近  carnal, earthly, materialistic, secular, sensual, worldly
A: ♣反  spiritual 精神上的；ethereal 虚无缥缈的，非尘世的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 平凡的： relating to, characteristic of, or concerned with commonplaces
A: ♣例  mundane concerns of day-to-day life 关于日常生活的一般顾虑
A: ♣近  common, ordinary, prosaic
A: ♣反  extraordinary 非凡的

Q:munificent  [mju:'nifisənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 慷慨的： very liberal in giving
A: ♣例  The university received a munificent foundation grant. 大学收到了一笔慷慨的基金资助
A: ♣近  bountiful, charitable, generous, liberal, openhanded, unsparing
A: ♣反  closefisted, mean, miserly, niggardly, parsimonious, penurious, stingy, tightfisted 小气的
A: ♣派  munificence n. 慷慨

Q:murky  ['mə:ki]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 黯淡的，昏暗的： being without light or without much light
A: ♣例  I didn't like walking around the murky campground without a flashlight. 我不喜欢在没有手电的情况下在营地里走动
A: ♣近  black, caliginous, darkened, dim, gloomy, stygian
A: ♣反  bright, brightened, brilliant, illuminated, illumined, lucent, lucid, luminous 明亮的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 模糊的，晦涩的： lacking clarity or distinctness
A: ♣例  He felt lost in the murky bureaucratic rhetoric. 他感觉自己被官僚主义的晦涩说辞弄晕了
A: ♣近  ambiguous, arcane, cloudy, equivocal, muddy, nebulous, obscure, occult, vague
A: ♣反  clear, limpid, pellucid, plain 清晰的

Q:murmur  ['mə:mə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小声的话语： a low, indistinct, continuous sound
A: ♣例  We could hear the murmur of the audience throughout the entire performance. 我们在整个演出当中都能听到观众的窃窃私语
A: ♣近  grunt, mumble, mutter, undertone, whisper
A: ♣反  roar 怒吼
A: ♠考法2  v. 低声抱怨，发牢骚： to complain in low mumbling tones; grumble
A: ♣例  We could hear the murmur of the audience throughout the entire performance. 我们在整个演出当中都能听到观众的窃窃私语
A: ♣近  carp, fuss, gripe, grizzle, grouch, grouse, grumble, moan, repine, whine
A: ♣反  crow, delight, rejoice 欢呼，高兴

Q:mutate  [mju:'teit]
A: ♠考法1  v. （使）改变，（使）变异： to undergo or cause to undergo mutation
A: ♣例  Some chromosomes started to mutate after exposure to X-Ray. 经X光照射之后部分染色体发生了变异
A: ♣近  alter, change, fluctuate, modify, shift, transfigure, transform, vary
A: ♣反  remain 保持不变；plateau, stabilize 使稳定
A: ♣派  mutation n. 改变；变异

Q:mute  [mju:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不说话的，缄默的： deliberately refraining from speech
A: ♣例  He always remained mute no matter how much we pleaded for an answer 不论我们怎么恳求回答，他总是保持沉默
A: ♣近  dumb, inarticulate, speechless, uncommunicative, voiceless, wordless
A: ♣反  communicative, expansive, loquacious, talkative 爱说话的，话多的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使颜色、音调等柔和： to soften the tone, color, shade, or hue of
A: ♣例  mute a color 对颜色进行柔化
A: ♣近  attenuate, soften, subdue
A: ♣反  sharpen 锐化
A: ♠考法3  vt. 减弱声音： to soften or muffle the sound of
A: ♣近  dampen, deaden, muffle, stifle
A: ♣反  amplify, magnify 增强，放大
A: ♣派  muted adj. 消声的，静音的

Q:mutter  ['mʌtə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 低声抱怨： to murmur complainingly or angrily
A: ♣例  mutter about the difficult assignment 抱怨作业太难
A: ♣近  carp, fuss, gripe, grizzle, grouch, grouse, grumble, moan, murmur, repine, whine
A: ♣反  crow, delight, rejoice 欢呼，高兴

Q:myopic  [mai'ɔpik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏远见的，缺乏辨别能力的： a lack of foresight or discernment
A: ♣例  a myopic view on climate change 关于气候变化缺乏远见的观点
A: ♣近  shortsighted, narrow-minded
A: ♣反  far-sighted, foreseeing, improvident 有远见的；discerning 有辨别能力的
A: ♣派  myopia n. 近视；鼠目寸光

Q:myriad  ['miriəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无限的，大量的： constituting a very large, indefinite number
A: ♣例  the myriad stars of a summer night 夏日夜空中的无尽繁星
A: ♣近  innumerable, numerous, uncountable, untold
A: ♣反  few, scarce, scanty 少的，缺乏的；countable, enumerable 可数清的

Q:nadir  ['nei,diə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 最低点： the lowest point
A: ♣例  the nadir on the curve 曲线上的最低点
A: ♣近  base, bottom, foot
A: ♣反  acme, apex, climax, meridian, peak, pinnacle, summit, top, zenith 最高点

Q:naive  [nɑ:'i:v]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 天真纯朴的： lacking worldly experience and understanding, simple and guileless
A: ♣例  a child with a na?ve charm 天真无邪的孩子
A: ♣近  artless, guileless, ingenuous, innocent, natural, simple, unaffected, unsophisticated
A: ♣反  sophisticated, worldly 世故的；affected, artful, assuming, dishonest, dissembling, guileful 虚伪、做作的
A: ♣派  naivety n. 天真

Q:narcissism  [nɑ:'sisizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 自恋： excessive love or admiration of oneself
A: ♣例  In his narcissism, he just assumed that everyone else wanted to hear the tiny details of his day. 在他自恋的眼中，所有人仿佛都想要听他日常生活里的细枝末节
A: ♣近  egocentricity, egotism, self-absorption
A: ♣反  self-hatred 自我憎恨
A: ♣派  narcissistic adj. 自恋的

Q:nascent  ['næsənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 新生的： coming or having recently come into existence
A: ♣例  The rise of the nascent middle class catalyzed a new economic boom. 新生中产阶级的崛起催生了一场新的经济繁荣
A: ♣近  beginning, emerging, inceptive, inchoate, incipient, initial, introductory
A: ♣反  full-blown, full-fledged, mature, ripe 成熟的；moribund 将死的
A: ♣派  nascence n. 新生的状态

Q:natty  ['næti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 整洁的，时髦的： trimly neat and tidy
A: ♣例  a natty young woman 整洁漂亮的年轻女子
A: ♣近  dapper, smart, spruce
A: ♣反  frowsy, sloppy, slovenly 邋遢的

Q:nauseate  ['nɔ:zieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. （使）厌恶，（使）作呕： to feel or cause to feel loathing or disgust
A: ♣例  The malodor of the rotten meat made us nauseate. 腐肉的恶臭让我们恶心
A: ♣近  disgust, repel, repulse, revolt, sicken
A: ♣反  delight 使愉悦
A: ♣派  nausea n. 恶心反胃

Q:nautical  ['nɔ:tikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 航海的： of, relating to, or characteristic of ships, shipping, sailors, or navigation on a body of water
A: ♣例  nautical mile 海里
A: ♣近  marine, maritime, navigational
A: ♣反  aeronautic 航空的；astronautic 航天的

Q:naysay  ['neisei]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 拒绝，否认： to oppose, deny, or take a pessimistic or negative view of
A: ♣近  decline, deny, deject, disallow, gainsay, oppose, refuse, reject
A: ♣反  accede, agree, concur, consent 同意
A: ♣派  naysayer n. 反对者

Q:nebulous  ['nebjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 模糊的： indistinct, vague
A: ♣例  a nebulous description of the topic 对于主题的模糊描述
A: ♣近  ambiguous, arcane, equivocal, hazy, indistinct, muddy, murky, obscure, occult, vague
A: ♣反  distinct 明显的；clear, definite, unambiguous, unequivocal 明确的
A: ♣派  nebula n. 星云

Q:needy  ['ni:di]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贫困的：being in need; impoverished, poor
A: ♣例  As a child, she was extremely needy and had no self-confidence. 她是一个非常贫穷的小孩，因此缺乏自信
A: ♣近  destitute, impecunious, impoverished, indigent, penurious, poor, threadbare
A: ♣反  affluent, opulent, wealthy 富有的

Q:nefarious  [ni'fεəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极坏的，邪恶的： flagrantly wicked or impious
A: ♣例  a nefarious scheme to assassinate the archbishop 企图刺杀大主教的邪恶阴谋
A: ♣近  atrocious, degenerate, devious, evil, heinous, infamous, miscreant, vicious, villainous, wicked
A: ♣反  ethical, righteous, upright, virtuous 品德高尚的；beneficial 有益的；exemplary 模范的

Q:negation  [ni'ɡeiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 否定： the opposite or absence of something regarded as actual, positive, or affirmative
A: ♣例  issued specific negations of all of the charges against her 发表了明确的声明，否定了所有对她的指控
A: ♣近  contradiction, denegation, denial, gainsaying, rejection, repudiation
A: ♣反  acknowledgement, affirmation, avowal 肯定，同意
A: ♣派  negative adj. 否定的；负面的

Q:negligent  ['neɡlidʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 疏忽大意的： failing to give proper attention or care
A: ♣例  negligent in taking care of the children 粗心大意地照顾孩子
A: ♣近  careless, derelict, heedless, neglectful, remiss
A: ♣反  attentive, careful, cautious, heedful 专心的，谨慎的
A: ♣派  negligence n. 疏忽

Q:negotiate  [ni'ɡəuʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 商量，谈判： to arrange or settle by discussion and mutual agreement
A: ♣例  negotiate the term of truce 共商停战事宜
A: ♣近  arrange, bargain, concert, settle
A: ♣反  break down （谈判等）失败，破产
A: ♠考法2  vi. 谋划： plan out usually with subtle skill or care
A: ♣例  The prisoners negotiated their escape by using Morse code to tap messages to each other through the walls. 犯人们通过敲击墙壁来传达莫尔斯电码，从而密谋了他们的逃跑计划
A: ♣近  contrive, finesse, frame, machinate, maneuver, manipulate, mastermind, wangle
A: ♣派  negotiable adj. 可商量的；negotiation n. 谈判

Q:neophyte  ['ni:əufait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 初学者，新手： a beginner or novice
A: ♣例  a novice in the theater who had never even had a walk-on role 一个连龙套都没跑过的新演员
A: ♣近  abecedarian, apprentice, fledgling, freshman, novice, recruit, rookie, tyro
A: ♣反  veteran 老兵，身经百战的人

Q:nerve  [nə:v]
A: ♠考法1  n. （坚强的）意志，勇气： power of endurance or control; strength of mind to carry on in spite of danger
A: ♣例  nerves of steel 钢铁般的意志
A: ♣近  bravery, fortitude, guts, intrepidity, resolution, stamina
A: ♣反  cowardice, pusillanimity 怯懦
A: ♠考法2  vt. 给予勇气，鼓励： to give strength or courage to
A: ♣例  needs to nerve himself for the big game tomorrow 需要为明天的大赛给自己加油鼓劲
A: ♣近  animate, brace, cheer, embolden, encourage, inspirit, steel, strengthen
A: ♣反  appall 使胆寒；discourage, dishearten 使沮丧
A: ♣派  nervy adj. 有勇气的

Q:nettle  ['netl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 惹怒： to arouse to sharp but transitory annoyance or anger
A: ♣例  His pompous attitude nettled several people. 他自大的性格得罪了不少人
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, exasperate, inflame, infuriate, irritate, peeve, pique, provoke, roil, ruffle, vex
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, conciliate, mollify, placate, propitiate 安抚

Q:neutralize  ['nju:trəlaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 中和： to cause (an acid or base) to undergo neutralization
A: ♣例  industrial exhaust neutralized by lime 被石灰中和的工业废气
A: ♣反  acidify 酸化
A: ♠考法2  vt. 破坏，使无效： to make inoperative or ineffective usually by means of an opposite force, influence, or effect
A: ♣例  influenced by the kind of propaganda that is difficult to neutralize 被一种难以消除的宣传攻势所影响
A: ♣近  annul, cancel, counteract, frustrate, negate, nullify
A: ♣反  activate, vitalize 激活
A: ♣派  neutralization n. 中和；消除

Q:nexus  ['neksəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 连结： a means of connection
A: ♣例  Correlativity does not sufficiently lead to causal nexus. 相关性不是因果关联的充分条件
A: ♣近  bond, connection, link, tie
A: ♠考法2  n. 核心，最重要的地带： a thing or place that is of greatest importance to an activity or interest
A: ♣例  As the nexus for three great religions, Jerusalem has had a troubled as well as illustrious history. 作为三大宗教的圣城，耶路撒冷有着动荡而辉煌的历史
A: ♣近  base, capital, center, core, focus, kernel, heart, hub, nucleus
A: ♣反  margin, periphery 边缘

Q:nibble  ['nibl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 小口咬： to eat with small, quick bites or in small morsels
A: ♣例  waves nibbling the shore 缓慢侵蚀海岸的浪
A: ♣近  bite, nip, peck, sip, tipple
A: ♣反  gobble 狼吞虎咽

Q:nicety  ['naisiti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 准确，精确： careful attention to details; delicate exactness
A: ♣例  There's a nicety of detail in his meticulously painted landscapes. 在他精心绘制的景观图中，有着十分精准翔实的细节
A: ♣近  accuracy, delicacy, exactness, fineness, precision, veracity
A: ♣反  coarseness, imprecision, inaccuracy, roughness 不准确，粗糙
A: ♠考法2  n. 细微之处： a fine point or distinction
A: ♣例  the niceties of table manner 餐桌礼仪的细微之处‖niceties of diplomatic protocol 外交礼节中的细节
A: ♣近  detail, particular, nuance, subtlety

Q:nil  [nil]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不存在，零： nothing; zero
A: ♣例  reduced to nil 消逝殆尽
A: ♣近  nothing, nonentity, nullity, zip
A: ♣反  existence 存在

Q:nip  [nip]
A: ♠考法1  n. 少量： a very small amount
A: ♣例  I'll have just a nip of your sandwich. 我只吃一点点你的三明治
A: ♣近  bit, hint, little, mite, ounce, snap, trace
A: ♣反  abundance, affluence, avalanche 大量
A: ♠考法2  vi. 小口吃喝： to sip (alcoholic liquor) in small amounts
A: ♣近  nibble, sip, tipple
A: ♣反  guzzle, quaff, swill 大口吃喝

Q:nirvana  [,niə'vɑ:nə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 彻底放松的状态： a state of being disregardful or unconscious of one's surroundings, concerns, or obligations
A: ♣例  The spa experience was a week of pure nirvana. 去泡温泉水疗的经历真是彻底的放松。
A: ♣近  forgetfulness, obliviousness
A: ♣反  alertness, awareness, cognizance, consciousness 警觉，知觉
A: ♠考法2  n. 天堂，极乐世界： an often imaginary place or state of utter perfection and happiness
A: ♣例  They believe in a continuous cycle of births and deaths until the soul is perfected and achieves nirvana. 他们相信生命会不断轮回，直到灵魂变得完美并升入天堂。
A: ♣近  empyrean, fantasyland, heaven, lotusland, utopia
A: ♣反  hell, inferno 地狱

Q:nitpick  ['nitpik]
A: ♠考法1  v. 吹毛求疵： to criticize by nit-picking
A: ♣例  a peevish critic always ready to quibble 一个总是吹毛求疵的古怪评论家
A: ♣近  carp, cavil, fuss, niggle, quibble, pick nits
A: ♣派  nitpicker n. 吹毛求疵的人

Q:nocturnal  [nɔk'tə:nəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 夜间的： of, relating to, or occurring in the night
A: ♣例  a nocturnal raid 夜间突袭
A: ♣近  nightly, nighttime
A: ♣反  daily, diurnal 白昼的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 夜间活动的： active at night
A: ♣例  a nocturnal predator 夜间活动的捕食者
A: ♣派  nocturne n. 夜曲

Q:noisome  ['nɔisəm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有害的，有毒的： noxious, harmful
A: ♣例  noisome chemical fumes 有害的化学烟雾
A: ♣近  deleterious, detrimental, insalubrious, noxious, unhealthy, unwholesome
A: ♣反  beneficial 有益的；healthy, salubrious, wholesome 有益健康的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 恶臭的： offensive to the senses and especially to the sense of smell
A: ♣例  noisome garbage 恶臭的垃圾
A: ♣近  fetid, foul, malodorous, smelly, stinky
A: ♣反  ambrosial, aromatic, fragrant, perfumed, redolent, savory, scented, sweet 有香味的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 非常令人厌恶的： highly obnoxious or objectionable
A: ♣例  noisome habits of littering 让人反感的随地乱扔垃圾的坏习惯
A: ♣近  abhorrent, appalling, disgusting, hideous, loathsome, nauseating, offensive, repugnant, repulsive
A: ♣反  appealing, captivating, enchanting, fascinating 有吸引力的；agreeable, pleasant 令人愉悦的

Q:nomad  ['nəumæd]
A: ♠考法1  adj./n. 游牧的；居无定所的人： a member of a people who have no fixed residence but move from place to place usually seasonally and within a well-defined territory
A: ♣例  after college she became quite the nomad, backpacking through Europe with no particular destination 大学毕业后她开始漂泊，漫无目的地游遍欧洲
A: ♣近  ambulant, fugitive, gallivanting, perambulatory, peripatetic, ranging, roaming, vagabond, vagrant, wandering, wayfaring
A: ♣反  settled 定居的

Q:nominal  ['nɔminəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不重要的： so small or unimportant as to warrant little or no attention
A: ♣例  His involvement was nominal. 他的参与不太重要。
A: ♣近  inconsequential, inconsiderable, paltry, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  big, consequential, considerable, important, material, significant 重要的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 名义上的： existing or being something in name or form only
A: ♣例  nominal head of the party 党派的名义首领
A: ♣近  formal, paper, titular

Q:nonchalant  ['nɔnʃələnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冷漠的： having an air of easy unconcern or indifference
A: ♣例  She was surprisingly nonchalant about winning the award. 她竟然对得奖很淡然。
A: ♣近  apathetic, disinterested, insensible, insouciant, perfunctory, unconcerned
A: ♣反  concerned, interested 忧虑的，有兴趣的

Q:nondescript  ['nɔndi,skript]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平凡的，不吸引人的： lacking distinctive or interesting qualities
A: ♣例  Their performance was disappointingly nondescript. 他们的演出令人失望，味同嚼蜡。
A: ♣近  beige, characterless, featureless, indistinctive, vanilla
A: ♣反  conspicuous, remarkable, striking 明显的，惊人的

Q:nonentity  [nɔn'entəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不重要的人： a person or thing of little consequence or significance
A: ♣例  she was so quiet she was almost a nonentity at the meeting 她非常沉默，在会议上是个边缘人物
A: ♣近  cipher, half-pint, insignificancy, lightweight, nullity, snippersnapper, twerp, whippersnapper, zero, zilch
A: ♣反  mogul, big shot, big wheel, bigwig, eminence, figure, magnate, personage, somebody 显要人物
A: ♠考法2  n. 虚构的东西： a conception or image created by the imagination and having no objective reality
A: ♣例  the arctic circle is a nonentity—you won't see it on the way to the north pole 北极圈是虚构的概念，去北极的路上你不会见到那么一个圈
A: ♣近  chimera, conceit, daydream, delusion, fancy, figment, hallucination, illusion, phantasm, unreality, vision

Q:nonplus  [,nɔn'plʌs]
A: ♠考法1  vt.迷惑，困惑： use to be at a loss as to what to say, think, or do: perplex
A: ♣例  I was nonplussed by his openly expressed admiration of me. 我被她公开表现的仰慕弄得很窘迫。
A: ♣近  confound, confuse, discomfit, disconcert, discountenance, mortify, abash, faze, fluster

Q:nonsense  ['nɔnsəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无意义的话，废话： words or language having no meaning or conveying no intelligible ideas
A: ♣例  Many of the words in the poem are nonsense. 这首诗歌当中很多词都是废话。
A: ♣近  babble, blabber, drivel, prattle, mumbo jumbo

Q:nostalgia  [nɔ'stældʒiə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 思乡之情： the state of being homesick
A: ♣例  Overwhelmed by nostalgia, she started to cry. 被思乡之情淹没的她开始啜泣。
A: ♣近  homesickness
A: ♠考法2  n. 怀旧，怀念： a wistful or excessively sentimental yearning for return to or of some past period or irrecoverable condition
A: ♣例  He felt a wave of nostalgia for the life he had left behind him. 他开始怀念往昔的时光。
A: ♣近  reminiscence
A: ♣反  oblivion 遗忘
A: ♣派  nostalgic adj. 怀旧的

Q:notch  [nɔtʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 刻痕： a V-shaped cut. Such a cut used for keeping a record
A: ♣反  unserrated 没有刻痕的
A: ♠考法2  v. 通过努力获得： to obtain (as a goal) through effort
A: ♣例  a stunning performance that notched up a second Academy Award for the actor 出色的表演为该演员拿到了第二座小金人
A: ♣近  attain, bag, chalk up, clock up, gain, hit, log, make, rack up, ring up, score, win

Q:notoriety  [,nəutə'raiəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指因为丑闻而出名的）名人： a person who is widely known and usually much talked about, especially for something bad; a notorious person
A: ♣例  a television show featuring notorieties from 20 years of scandals 以二十年来因各色丑闻而出名的名人为卖点的电视节目
A: ♣近  figure, icon, luminary, megastar, name, notable, personage, standout, star, superstar
A: ♣反  nobody, noncelebrity 不知名的人
A: ♠考法2  n. 坏名声： the quality or condition of being notorious; ill fame
A: ♣例  She gained notoriety when nude photographs of her appeared in a magazine. 她的裸照出现在杂志上让她声名远播。‖His comment about the President has given him a notoriety that he enjoys very much. 他对于总统的评论让他获得了很让他满意的名声。
A: ♣近  infamy, obloquy, odium, opprobrium
A: ♣反  anonymity, oblivion, obscurity 不知名，默默无闻；celebrity, fame, renown, repute 好名声

Q:nourish  ['nʌriʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 养育，抚养： to provide with food or other substances necessary for life and growth
A: ♣例  He willingly nourished a child that was not his own. 他主动地抚养了一名不是他亲生的孩子。
A: ♣近  breed, foster, nurse, nurture, raise, rear
A: ♠考法2  vt. 培养，促进： to help the growth or development of
A: ♣例  a friendship nourished by trust 在信任的基础之上开出的友谊之花
A: ♣近  advance, cultivate, encourage, forward, further, incubate, promote
A: ♣反  discourage, frustrate, hinder, inhibit 阻碍，妨碍

Q:novel  ['nɔvəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 新奇的： strikingly new, unusual, or different
A: ♣例  a novel scheme to collect money 一种新颖的筹钱手段
A: ♣近  original, unaccustomed, unfamiliar, unheard-of, unknown, unprecedented
A: ♣反  banal, timeworn, familiar, hackneyed, time-honored, tired, warmed-over 陈腐的

Q:novice  ['nɔvis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 新手，初学者： a person new to a field or activity
A: ♣例  a novice chess player 象棋初学者
A: ♣近  apprentice, colt, fledgling, freshman, greenhorn, neophyte, newcomer, recruit, rook, tenderfoot, tyro, virgin
A: ♣反  doyen, maven, veteran 有经验的人

Q:noxious  ['nɔkʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有害的，有毒的： harmful to living things; injurious to health
A: ♣例  noxious waste 有害的废弃物
A: ♣近  unwholesome, baneful, deleterious, detrimental, nocuous, pernicious, wicked
A: ♣反  beneficial, salubrious, anodyne, benign, harmless, hurtless, innocent, innocuous, inoffensive, safe 有益的，无害的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 产生强烈厌恶的： causing intense displeasure, disgust, or resentment
A: ♣例  a noxious new breed of horror movie in which graphic depictions of torture are presented as entertainment 在一部新的恐怖电影中，对于酷刑生动的描述被当做是娱乐
A: ♣近  abhorrent, abominable, appalling, awful, disgusting, distasteful, dreadful, foul, fulsome, gross, hideous, horrid, loathsome, nasty, nauseating, noisome, obnoxious, odious, repellent, repugnant, repulsive, revolting, scandalous

Q:nuance  ['nju:ɑ:ns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 细微的差异： a subtle distinction or variation
A: ♣例  a poem of little depth and nuance 一首没有什么深度、没有什么辨识度的诗
A: ♣反  patent difference, lack of subtlety, sharp distinction, patency 明显的差别

Q:nudge  [nʌdʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 用肘推以引起注意： to seek the attention of by a push of the elbow
A: ♣例  accidentally nudged me as he squeezed past 他过去的时候不小心用肘碰到了我
A: ♠考法2  vt. 说服某人做某事： to try to persuade (someone) through earnest appeals to follow a course of action
A: ♣例  the car salesman nudged me into taking a test-drive 汽车销售员说服我进行试驾
A: ♣近  encourage, exhort, goad, press, prod, prompt

Q:nugatory  ['nju:ɡətəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无关紧要的： of little or no consequence; inconsequential
A: ♣例  the book is entertaining, but its contributions to Shakespearean scholarship are nugatory 这本书娱乐性不错，但是对于莎士比亚研究的贡献微不足道
A: ♣近  incidental, inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, negligible, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, eventful, important, major, meaningful, momentous, significant, substantial, unfrivolous, weighty 重要的

Q:nullification  [,nʌlifi'keiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指法律条文等正式的）废除，废弃： the doing away with something by formal action
A: ♣例  the nullification of a treaty 废除条约
A: ♣近  abolishment, abrogation, annulment, cancellation, invalidation, negation, repeal, rescindment, voiding
A: ♣反  enactment, legislation 立法；establishment, founding, institution 建立

Q:numb  [nʌm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 失去感觉的： devoid of sensation especially as a result of cold or anesthesia
A: ♣例  I have been sitting in the same position for too long and now my feet are numb. 我一个姿势坐得太久，以至于双腿都发麻了。
A: ♣近  asleep, benumbed, dead, insensitive, numbed, torpid, unfeeling
A: ♣反  feeling, sensible, sensitive 有感觉的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 麻木的，无感情的： devoid of emotion
A: ♣例  Apparently in shock, he answered the police officer’s questions with a numb expression on his face. 她显然是受到了惊吓，以至于在回答警官的问题时一脸茫然。‖Years of physical and emotional abuse had rendered the woman numb and withdrawn. 常年累月的肉体和精神上的折磨已让她麻木而寡言。
A: ♣近  affectless, apathetic, catatonic, deadpan, emotionless, impassible, passionless, phlegmatic, stoic, stolid
A: ♣反  demonstrative, emotional, fervent, fervid, impassioned, passionate, vehement 充满感情的

Q:nurture  ['nə:tʃə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 提供营养： to supply with nourishment
A: ♣例  nurtured her children through the winters with home-cooked soup 一整个冬天都给孩子们喂自制的汤
A: ♣反  withhold sustenance from 停止提供营养物
A: ♠考法2 vt. 培育，培养： to provide (someone) with moral or spiritual understanding
A: ♣例  he feels that his lifelong practice of reading the Bible daily has nurtured him in ways he cannot describe 一生中每天都阅读圣经在潜移默化中影响了他
A: ♣近  edify, illuminate, inspire
A: ♣反  impede, stunt, disregard 阻碍，漠视

Q:oaf  [əuf]
A: ♠考法1  n. 愚蠢的人： a stupid person
A: ♣例  Anyone who took him for an oaf and tried to cheat him would be in for a nasty surprise. 任何把他当成傻子然后想借机欺骗他的人就等着大吃一惊吧。
A: ♣近  airhead, dolt, dope, dullard, dumbhead, fool, idiot, imbecile, moron, simpleton
A: ♣反  brain, intellectual, sage, wit 智者；genius, prodigy 天才

Q:oath  [əuθ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 誓言： a solemn, formal declaration or promise to fulfill a pledge
A: ♣例  an oath to defend the nation 保卫祖国的誓言
A: ♣近  pledge, troth, vow, word

Q:obdurate  ['ɔbdjurət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执的： resistant to persuasion or softening influences
A: ♣例  She is known for her obdurate determination. 她以坚定不移著称。
A: ♣近  adamant, hard-nosed, headstrong, inflexible, intransigent, pertinacious, stubborn, unbending, uncompromising, unrelenting, unyielding, willful
A: ♣反  acquiescent, agreeable, amenable, compliant, complying, flexible, pliable, pliant, relenting, yielding 温顺的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 冷酷无情的： having or showing a lack of sympathy or tender feelings
A: ♣例  the obdurate refusal of the crotchety old man to let the neighborhood kids retrieve their ball from his backyard 那个怪老头冷酷无情地拒绝了孩子们进他后院找球的请求
A: ♣近  affectless, callous, compassionless, hard-hearted, heartless, indurate, inhuman, insensate, ironhearted, merciless, remorseless, ruthless, unsparing
A: ♣反  charitable, compassionate, humane, kindhearted, kindly, merciful, softhearted, sympathetic, tender, warmhearted 同情的，有爱的

Q:obedient  [əu'bi:diənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 服从的，顺从的： submissive to the restraint or command of authority
A: ♣例  that girl is so obedient that she does everything the first time she is asked 这个妹子如此顺从，叫她做事随叫随到
A: ♣近  amenable, compliant, submissive, tractable
A: ♣反  contumacious, imperial, balky, contrary, contumacious, defiant, disobedient, froward, incompliant, insubordinate, intractable, noncompliant, obstreperous, rebel, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, restive, unamenable, ungovernable, unruly, untoward, wayward, willful 顽固的，不服从的

Q:obeisance  [əu'beisəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 敬礼，尊重： a movement of the body made in token of respect or submission
A: ♣例  makes obeisance to her mentors 向她的导师们致敬
A: ♣派  obeisant 恭敬的
A: ♣反  impertinent, impudent, imperious 不敬的，无礼的

Q:obfuscate  [ɔb'fʌskeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使困惑，使模糊： to make so confused or opaque as to be difficult to perceive or understand
A: ♣例  obfuscate the reader 让读者困惑
A: ♣近  becloud, befog, blur, cloud, fog, muddy
A: ♣反  demystify, elucidate, illuminate, clarify, explain clearly 澄清，阐明
A: ♣派  obfuscated 模糊的
A: ♣反  lucid 清晰的

Q:obligatory  ['ɔbliɡətəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 强制性的： of the nature of an obligation; compulsory
A: ♣例  obligatory military service 强制性的服军役
A: ♣近  compulsory, imperative, involuntary, peremptory, required
A: ♣反  discretionary, selective, elective, optional, voluntary 自由选择的，志愿的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （见得多以至于）无聊的：used or heard so often as to be dull
A: ♣例  the obligatory cliff-hanger endings for season finales of TV shows 电视剧总是以恶俗的惊心动魄的结局作为完季
A: ♣近  banal, cliché, commonplace, hack, hackneyed, moth-eaten, musty, shopworn, stereotyped, threadbare, timeworn, trite, well-worn
A: ♣反  fresh, new, novel, original, unclichéd, unhackneyed 新奇的

Q:obliging  [ə'blaidʒiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 乐于助人的： willing to do favors
A: ♣例  an obliging concierge used his pull to get us reservations at the town's hottest restaurant 一个好心的看房人利用他的影响力帮我们在镇上最火爆的餐厅订到了座
A: ♣近  accommodative, friendly, indulgent

Q:oblique  [ə'bli:k]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 斜的： inclined or twisted to one side
A: ♣例  gave the eavesdropper an oblique glance 给了偷听者一个白眼
A: ♣近  askew, cant, inclined, leaning, listing, slanted, sloping, tilted
A: ♣反  direct, even, level, straight 笔直的

Q:obliterate  [ə'blitəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 除去： to remove from existence
A: ♣例  the March snowstorm obliterated our hopes for an early spring 三月的暴风雪摧毁了我们对于一个早春的念想
A: ♣近  efface, eradicate, expunge, expurgate, exterminate, extirpate, wipe out

Q:oblivious  [ə'bliviəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不知道的，不知情的： lacking conscious awareness; not informed about or aware of something
A: ♣例  He seemed oblivious to the fact that he had hurt her. 他似乎并不在意他伤害了她.
A: ♣近  incognizant, insensible, unaware, unconscious, uninformed, unwitting
A: ♣反  mindful, vigilant, acquainted, cognizant, conscious, conversant, grounded, informed, knowing, mindful, witting 留意的，机警的

Q:obloquy  ['ɔbləkwi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 谩骂，诽谤： abusively detractive language or utterance; calumny
A: ♣例  she unleashed a torrent of obloquy on her opponent 她滔滔不绝地辱骂了对手一顿
A: ♣近  billingsgate, fulmination, invective, scurrility, vitriol, vituperation
A: ♣反  adulation 极度谄媚
A: ♠考法2  n. 恶名，耻辱： the state of having lost the esteem of others
A: ♣例  the accused murderer was condemned to live out his days in perpetual obloquy 凶手终将在骂名中度过余生
A: ♣近  discredit, disesteem, dishonor, disrepute, ignominy, infamy, odium, opprobrium, reproach, shame
A: ♣反  esteem, honor, respect 敬重，好名声

Q:obscure  [əb'skjuə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 含义模糊的： not clearly understood or expressed; having an often intentionally veiled or uncertain meaning
A: ♣例  a fantasy writer who likes to put lots of obscure references in her tales of wizards and warlocks 一个喜欢在巫师故事中添加很多含义模糊的引用的魔幻小说作家
A: ♣近  ambiguous, arcane, enigmatic, equivocal, fuliginous, inscrutable, opaque
A: ♣反  explicit, manifest, clear, certain, accessible, nonambiguous, obvious, plain, unambiguous, unequivocal 明晰的，没有歧义的
A: ♠考法2 adj. 平凡的，不知名的： not prominent or famous
A: ♣例  an obscure poet 无名的诗人
A: ♣近  noteless, uncelebrated, unfamous, unknown, unrecognized, unsung
A: ♣反  legendary, celebrated, famed, famous, noted, notorious, prominent, renowned, well-known 有名的
A: ♣派  obscurity 无名之辈
A: ♣反  celebrity 名人
A: ♠考法3  v. 使模糊： to make dark, dim, or indistinct
A: ♣例  when it isn't obscured by smog, the view of the city from the observatory can be spectacular 如果在晴朗的天气，从天文台看出去的城市全景非常赞
A: ♣近  blear, blur, darken, dim, overshadow, shroud
A: ♣反  elucidate, brighten, illuminate, light up, lighten 阐明

Q:obsequious  [əb'si:kwiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谄媚的，奴性的： marked by or exhibiting a fawning attentiveness
A: ♣例  She's constantly followed by obsequious assistants who will do anything. 她总是有一群谄媚的跟班，原意为她赴汤蹈火。
A: ♣反  supercilious 目中无人的

Q:observant  [əb'zə:vənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 警惕的，警觉的： paying close attention usually for the purpose of anticipating approaching danger or opportunity
A: ♣例  Good reporters are keenly observant of everything around them. 优秀的记者应该对身边所有的事情都保持高度的警惕。‖If you were more observant, you would perceive that something is troubling her deeply. 如果你能再警觉一些的话，你就会发现她正被某些东西困扰。
A: ♣近  alert, attentive, awake, cautious, sharp, vigilant, watchful
A: ♣反  careless, heedless, inattentive, unmindful, unthinking, unwary 不谨慎的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 严格遵守（规章、制度或原则）的： diligent in observing a law, custom, duty, or principle
A: ♣例  observant of the speed limit 严格遵守速度限制‖pious and religiously observant families 虔诚而严守教规的家庭
A: ♣近  law-abiding
A: ♣派  observance n. 遵守（规定）

Q:obsess  [ɔb'ses]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 迷住，使困扰： to haunt or excessively preoccupy the mind of
A: ♣例  The war obsesses her—she talks about nothing else. 她被战争彻底迷住了，张口闭口都谈这个。
A: ♣反  intense disgust 极度厌恶

Q:obsolete  ['ɔbsəli:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过时的，被淘汰的： no longer in use or no longer useful
A: ♣例  I was told my old printer is obsolete and I can't get replacement parts. 我被告知我的打印机已经被淘汰了，因此无法更换配件。‖an obsolete word 一个已经废弃不用的单词
A: ♣近  antiquated, archaic, dated, fossilized, medieval, moribund, moth-eaten, outdated, outmoded, outworn, prehistoric, rusty
A: ♣反  contemporary, current, modern, recent 当前的，现代的

Q:obstinate  ['ɔbstinit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执的： perversely adhering to an opinion, purpose, or course in spite of reason, arguments, or persuasion
A: ♣例  obstinate resistance to change 坚决抵制改变
A: ♣近  adamant, headstrong, intransigent, stubborn, uncompromising, unyielding, willful
A: ♣反  acquiescent, agreeable, amenable, compliant, complying, flexible, pliable, pliant, relenting, yielding 顺从服从的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 难于减轻或治愈的： not easily subdued, remedied, or removed
A: ♣例  obstinate fever 高烧不退 || an obstinate headache 难以治愈的头痛

Q:obstreperous  [əb'strepərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难驾驭的，任性的： stubbornly resistant to control; unruly; given to resisting authority or another's control
A: ♣例  the club's president was at his wits' end with obstreperous members who refused to cooperate 俱乐部主席拿那些不合作的会员一点办法都没有
A: ♣近  balky, defiant, incompliant, insubordinate, intractable, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory
A: ♣反  disciplined, amenable, biddable, compliant, conformable, docile, obedient, ruly, submissive, tractable 守纪律的，顺从的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 吵闹的： engaging in or marked by loud and insistent cries especially of protest
A: ♣例  an obstreperous crowd protesting the government's immigration policy 一堆吵闹的民众游行抗议政府的移民政策
A: ♣近  blatant, clamant, clamorous, squawking, vociferant

Q:obstruct  [əb'strʌkt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 妨碍，制造困难： to impede, retard, or interfere with; hinder; to create difficulty for the work or activity of
A: ♣例  He was charged with obstructing justice by lying to investigators. 他被指控向检察官说谎，妨碍司法。
A: ♣近  encumber, fetter, handicap, hinder, impede, inhibit, stymie, interfere with
A: ♣反  facilitate, abet, aid, assist 促进，帮助
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阻挡： to prevent passage through by filling with something
A: ♣例  an unobstructed view 无阻碍的视野
A: ♣近  occlude 堵塞
A: ♣反  clear, free, open up, unblock, unclog, unplug, unstop

Q:obtuse  [əb'tju:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 愚钝的： not having or showing an ability to absorb ideas readily
A: ♣例  Are you being deliberately obtuse? 你是故意装笨吗?
A: ♣近  dumb, fatuous, mindless, oafish, opaque, senseless, unintelligent, vacuous
A: ♣反  insightful, apt, brainy, bright, brilliant, clever, fast, intelligent, keen, nimble, quick, quick-witted, sharp, sharp-witted, smart 有洞察力的，智慧的

Q:obviate  ['ɔbvieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 排除，使不必要： to anticipate and prevent (as a situation) or make unnecessary (as an action)
A: ♣例  The new treatment obviates the need for surgery. 新的疗法使手术不再是必须的。
A: ♣近  avert, forestall, preclude, stave off, head off

Q:occult  ['ɔkʌlt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难以理解的： not easily apprehended or understood : abstruse, mysterious
A: ♣例  an occult reference in the text that has puzzled scholars 文章中一处晦涩的难倒了学者们的引注
A: ♣近  ambiguous, arcane, equivocal, inscrutable, opaque, impenetrable
A: ♣反  bare, manifest, patent, readily fathomable 暴露的，可理解的
A: ♠考法2  v. 使隐藏或神秘： to keep secret or shut off from view
A: ♣例  occulted their house from prying eyes by planting large trees around it 在住所周围种满大树防止别人偷窥 || the actor's private life had long been occulted by a contrived public persona 演员的私人生活被一个精心打造的公众形象所遮掩
A: ♣近  belie, blanket, cloak, conceal, cover, curtain, disguise, enshroud, mask, obscure, screen, shroud, suppress, veil, blot out, paper over
A: ♣反  bare, disclose, display, divulge, expose, reveal, show, uncloak, uncover, unmask, unveil 暴露

Q:odium  ['əudiəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 憎恶，讨厌： strong dislike, contempt, or aversion
A: ♣例  time did nothing to diminish the odium in which the traitor lived out his days 时间也没有减少大家对这个叛徒的唾弃
A: ♣近  ignominy, infamy, obloquy, opprobrium
A: ♣反  esteem, honor, respect, hankering, infatuation 尊敬，渴望，着迷

Q:off-key  ['ɔfki:]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不寻常的，不合适的： being out of accord with what is considered normal or appropriate
A: ♣例  a high-flown, off-key speech by a newcomer 来自于新手的颇有野心、不寻常的一次演讲

Q:offbeat  ['ɔfbi:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不平常的： noticeably different from what is generally found or experienced
A: ♣例  this writer has an enjoyably offbeat sense of humor 这个作者笑点很奇特
A: ♣近  extraordinary, peculiar, queer, unaccustomed, uncommon, uncustomary, out-of-the-way
A: ♣反  conventional, bathetic, hackneyed, common, ordinary, plain, usual 传统陈腐的，平常普通的

Q:offhand  ['ɔfhænd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 即兴的，没有准备的： without premeditation or preparation
A: ♣例  couldn't give the figures offhand
A: ♣近  ad-lib, extemporary, impromptu, improvised, unplanned, unpremeditated, unrehearsed
A: ♣反  considered, planned, premeditated, prepared, rehearsed 事先谋划的

Q:officious  [ə'fiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多管闲事的： thrusting oneself where one is not welcome or invited
A: ♣例  an officious little man who was always telling everyone else how to do their jobs 一个多管闲事的人，总喜欢对他人的事情指手画脚
A: ♣近  interfering, intruding, meddlesome, obtrusive, presuming, prying, snoopy
A: ♣反  unobtrusive 不引人注目的

Q:offish  ['ɔfiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冷淡的： Inclined to be distant and reserved; aloof
A: ♣例  consistently surly and offish with the would-be suitors who came calling 对于追求者总是阴沉并且冷淡
A: ♣近  aloof, detached, distant, remote, unbending, unsociable
A: ♣反  sociable, cordial, friendly, social, warm 热情的

Q:ominous  ['ɔminəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 凶兆的： of or being an omen, especially an evil one
A: ♣例  an ominous threat of war 战争来临的凶兆
A: ♣近  baleful, foreboding, inauspicious, portentous, sinister, threatening, minatory
A: ♣反  auspicious, unthreatening 吉兆的，不具有威胁的

Q:omniscient  [ɔm'nisiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无所不知的： possessed of universal or complete knowledge
A: ♣例  an omniscient deity 无所不知的神
A: ♣反  vacuous 无知的

Q:onerous  ['ɔnərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 费时间花心思的： requiring much time, effort, or careful attention
A: ♣例  building the scale model of the frigate was an onerous task 建造军舰的小模型非常花时间
A: ♣近  arduous, burdensome, challenging, exacting, grueling, taxing, toilsome
A: ♣反  requiring little effort, light, nondemanding, unchallenging, undemanding 轻松的，不费劲的

Q:onset  ['ɔnset]
A: ♠考法1  n. 攻击，进攻： attack, assault
A: ♣例  withstand the onset of the army 抵挡住了敌人军队的进攻
A: ♣近  aggression, assault, charge, offense, onslaught, raid, rush, strike
A: ♣反  defense 防御
A: ♠考法2  n. 起始，开始： the point at which something begins
A: ♣例  If you take enough vitamin C at the onset of a cold, you'll probably recover faster. 如果你感冒刚一开始就服用足量的维他命C，你可能会康复得更快。
A: ♣近  alpha, baseline, commencement, dawn, genesis, inception, kickoff, launch, nascence, outset, threshold
A: ♣反  close, conclusion, end, ending, omega, termination 结束

Q:opaque  [əu'peik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不透光的：impenetrable by light; neither transparent nor translucent
A: ♣近  blurry, dim, misty, murky, obscure, shadowy, unclear
A: ♣反  diaphanous, transparent 精致透明的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 晦涩的：so obscure as to be unintelligible
A: ♣例  opaque prose 晦涩的诗歌
A: ♣近  ambiguous, arcane, enigmatic, equivocal, inscrutable, occult
A: ♣反  clear, accessible, obvious, plain, unambiguous, unequivocal 清晰易懂的

Q:opine  [əu'pain]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 表达观点： to express opinions
A: ♣例  You can opine about any subject you like. 你可以畅所欲言。
A: ♣近  comment, editorialize, note, observe, reflect, weigh in

Q:opportune  ['ɔpətju:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 合适的，适当的： suitable or convenient for a particular occurrence
A: ♣例  an opportune moment 方便的时机
A: ♣近  seasonable, well-timed
A: ♣反  inconvenient, untimely, inappropriate, unseasonable 不合适的

Q:opprobrious  [ə'prəubriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辱骂的: expressing contemptuous reproach; scornful or abusive
A: ♣例  opprobrious language 脏话
A: ♣近  scurrilous, vitriolic, vituperative, contumelious
A: ♠考法2  adj. 臭名昭著的，令人鄙视的: bringing disgrace; shameful or infamous
A: ♣例  opprobrious conduct 令人鄙视的行为
A: ♣近  discreditable, disgraceful, dishonorable, ignominious, infamous, notorious, shameful, unrespectable
A: ♣反  irreproachable, honorable, reputable, respectable 无可指责的，受人尊敬的
A: ♣派  opprobrium 恶名
A: ♣反  good repute 好名声

Q:oration  [ɔ:'reiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. （颇有野心、自高自大的）演说： a speech delivered in a high-flown or pompous manner
A: ♣近  address, declamation, harangue, peroration

Q:ordeal  [ɔ:'di:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. 严峻的考验： a severe trial or experience
A: ♣例  The hikers were finally rescued after a three-day ordeal in the wilderness. 在野外度过了三天的严峻考验之后，登山者终于获救了。
A: ♣近  calvary, crucible, fire, gauntlet
A: ♣反  delight, enjoyment, pleasure 令人愉快的事物

Q:orient  ['ɔ:riənt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 确定方向，使熟悉或适应： to set or arrange in any determinate position especially in relation to the points of the compass; to make familiar with or adjusted to facts, principles, or a situation
A: ♣例  orient students toward a career in medicine 指导学生从事医学的职业道路
A: ♣近  accustom, familiarize, initiate, introduce, orientate
A: ♣反  confuse 使迷惑

Q:original  [ə'ridʒənəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 创新的： independent and creative in thought or action :inventive
A: ♣例  The car has a highly original design. 这车的设计很新颖
A: ♣近  ingenious, innovative, inventive
A: ♣反  commonplace, banal, trite, familiar, hackneyed, time-honored, tired, warmed-over 陈腐的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 最初的，最早的： coming before all others in time or order
A: ♣例  the original plan had to be discarded when the situation changed drastically 当环境发生剧烈变化时，最初的计划就该被放弃
A: ♣近  earliest, foremost, headmost, inaugural, initial, leadoff, maiden, pioneer, premier, virgin
A: ♣反  final, last, latter, terminal, ultimate 最终的

Q:orthodox  ['ɔ:θədɔks]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 传统的： following or agreeing with established form, custom, or rules
A: ♣例  He believes in the benefits of both orthodox medicine and alternative medicine. 他既相信传统药物又相信替代药物的效用。
A: ♣近  ceremonial, conventional, regular, routine
A: ♣反  casual, freewheeling, informal, irregular, unceremonious, unconventional, unorthodox 不常见的

Q:oscillate  ['ɔsileit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 振动，摇晃： to swing backward and forward like a pendulum
A: ♣反  remain static 静止
A: ♠考法2  v. 犹豫，变化： vary between opposing beliefs, feelings, or theories

Q:ossify  ['ɔsifai]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 硬化，僵化： to become hardened or conventional and opposed to change
A: ♣例  a disease that ossifies the joints 一种会使关节僵化的疾病
A: ♣反  make pliant, transcend conventions, amenable to change 使柔软，超越传统

Q:ostensible  [ɔs'tensəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 表面上的，佯装的： appearing to be true on the basis of evidence that may or may not be confirmed
A: ♣例  It must be the ostensible reason for their visit while their actual motives may be malignant 这肯定只是他们上门拜访的表面原因，他们背后的动机说不定恶劣至极。
A: ♣近  apparent, assumed, evident, ostensive, presumed, putative, reputed, seeming, supposed, prima facie
A: ♣反  actual, real 真实的
A: ♣派  ostensibly adv. 表面上地

Q:ostentatious  [,ɔsten'teiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 炫耀卖弄的： marked by or fond of conspicuous or vainglorious and sometimes pretentious display
A: ♣例  wears an ostentatious diamond ring on her finger 她手指上戴着一枚巨大的钻戒
A: ♣近  flamboyant, flaring, flashy, splashy
A: ♣反  modest, artless, austere, unpretentious, conservative, quiet, understated, unflamboyant, unflashy 谦让的，朴素的，保守地

Q:ostracize  ['ɔstrəsaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 驱逐： to exclude from a group
A: ♣例  He was ostracized from the scientific community for many years because of his radical political beliefs. 他因激进的政治理想被驱逐出了科学界很多年。
A: ♣近  banish, bounce, chase, dismiss, expel, extrude, oust, boot out, cast out, run off, drum out, kick out, throw out, turf out
A: ♣反  take in, include, embrace, welcome 接纳

Q:oust  [aust]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 免职： to remove from a position of prominence or power (as a throne)
A: ♣例  be ousted from power 被赶下台
A: ♣近  deprive, displace, uncrown, unthrone
A: ♣反  instate, crown, enthrone, throne 任命
A: ♠考法2  v. 驱逐： to drive or force out
A: ♣例  she was ousted from her job after it was proven she'd been pilfering company supplies 她贪污公司财物这事被证实后，她被驱逐了
A: ♣近  banish, boot out, cast out, chase, dismiss, drum out, expel, extrude, kick out, throw out, turf out, turn out

Q:outgoing  ['aut,ɡəuiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 友好的，外向的： openly friendly and responsive: extroverted
A: ♣例  a salesman whose aggressively outgoing personality could sometimes be overbearing 一个销售员如果过于热情会让人不能忍
A: ♣近  companionable, extroverted, gregarious, sociable
A: ♣反  antisocial, introverted, nongregarious, reclusive, unsociable, unsocial 不合群的，不善交际的

Q:outgrowth  ['autɡrəuθ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 结果，后果： a condition or occurrence traceable to a cause
A: ♣例  Crime is often an outgrowth of poverty. 犯罪往往可以归因于贫穷。‖A predictable outgrowth of the suburb’s ever growing population will be the need for more schools. 郊区人口攀升所导致的一个可以预见的后果就是需要更多的学校。
A: ♣近  aftereffect, aftermath, consequence, fate, fruit, outcome, precipitate, product, result, sequel, sequence
A: ♣反  antecedent, cause, occasion, reason 原因；origin, root, source 源头

Q:outlandish  [aut'lændiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 古怪的，奇异的：strikingly out of the ordinary: bizarre
A: ♣例  an outlandish costume 奇装异服
A: ♣近  bizarre, cranky, eccentric, erratic, offbeat, peculiar, remarkable
A: ♣反  conventional, familiar, nonexotic, nonglamorous, plain-Jane, unglamorous, unromantic 常规的，平凡的

Q:outmaneuver  [,autmə'nu:və]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 以策略取胜： to overcome (an opponent) by artful, clever maneuvering
A: ♣例  outmaneuvered his congressional opponent 以计谋战胜了国会的对手
A: ♣近  outfox, outslick, outsmart, outthink, outwit
A: ♣反  yield 屈服

Q:outmoded  ['aut'məudid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过时的，废弃的： no longer acceptable, current, or usable
A: ♣例  outmoded computers that can be recycled 可供回收的废旧电脑
A: ♣近  antiquated, archaic, demoded, fossilized, moribund, moth-eaten, obsolete, outworn, prehistoric , rusty
A: ♣反  contemporary, current, modern 现代的，当代的

Q:outset  ['autset]
A: ♠考法1  n. 开端，开始： beginning, start
A: ♣例  I wish you'd mentioned this problem at the outset. 我希望你开门见山就提到这个问题。
A: ♣近  alpha, commencement, genesis, inception, incipience, nascence
A: ♣反  termination, close, conclusion, end, ending, omega 终止

Q:outwit  [,aut'wit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 瞒骗，以智取胜： to surpass in cleverness or cunning; outsmart
A: ♣例  a plan to outwit their opponents at their own game 在擅长的领域智取对手的计划
A: ♣近  outfox, outmaneuver, outslick, outsmart, outthink

Q:overbearing  [,əuvə'bεəriŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 专横傲慢的： domineering in manner; arrogant
A: ♣例  Her husband's overbearing manner made her miserable. 她的丈夫专横傲慢，让她痛不欲生。
A: ♣近  authoritative, despotic, dictatorial, imperious, masterful, peremptory
A: ♣反  meek, unassuming 谦逊的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 压倒一切的，在力量或重要性上势不可挡的；支配的，显著的： overwhelming in power or significance; predominant, coming before all others in importance
A: ♣例  the overbearing problem in our nation's schools 我国中小学教育的最突出的问题
A: ♣近  capital, cardinal, central, chief, dominant, key, leading, master, number one, overmastering, overriding, paramount, predominant, preeminent, premier, primary, prior, sovereign, supreme

Q:overlap  [,əuvə'læp]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 重叠，重复： to occupy the same area in part
A: ♣例  Baseball season overlaps football season in September. 棒球赛季和橄榄球赛季在九月有时间重合。
A: ♣近  lap, overlay, overlie, overspread

Q:override  [,əuvə'raid]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 不顾： to set aside
A: ♣例  The Congress overrode the President’s veto and passed the law. 国会不顾总统的否决，强行通过了那项法令。‖He overrode all opposition to his plans. 他对所有的反对意见不闻不问。
A: ♣近  disregard, ignore, neglect, overlook, overpass, pass over
A: ♣反  comply, observe 遵守

Q:overshadow  [,əuvə'ʃædəu]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使变黯淡： to make dark, dim, or indistinct
A: ♣例  Large trees overshadow the yard and darken the house for much of the day. 大树为院子遮挡了阳光，并使屋子里一天之中的大多数时候都很昏暗。‖Her mother's illness overshadowed her childhood. 她母亲的疾病让她的童年缺乏亮色。
A: ♣近  becloud, befog, blacken, blear, blur, darken, dim, fog, haze, mist, obscure, overcast, overcloud, shroud
A: ♣反  brighten, illuminate, illumine, lighten 照明，照亮
A: ♠考法2  vt. （在重要性上）超越，超过： to exceed in importance
A: ♣例  The forward’s outstanding performance should not overshadow the achievements of the rest of the team. 其他队员的贡献不应该因前锋的精彩表现而被忽略。
A: ♣近  eclipse, outrank, outshine, outstrip, overbalance, overweigh
A: ♣反  fall behind 落后

Q:overt  ['əuvə:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 明显的，公开的： open and observable; not hidden, concealed, or secret
A: ♣例  overt hostility 公然的敌意
A: ♣反  shadowy 模糊的

Q:overture  ['əuvə,tjuə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 前言： an introductory section or part, as of a poem; a prelude
A: ♣近  preamble, preliminary, prologue, warm-up, curtain-raiser
A: ♠考法2  n. 序曲： an instrumental composition intended especially as an introduction to an extended work, such as an opera or oratorio
A: ♣例  the parade down Main Street served as the overture for a weekend of fun and festivities 主干道上的游行活动拉开了一周节日活动的序幕
A: ♣反  coda 结尾

Q:overwhelm  [,əuvə'hwelm]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 淹没： to cover with or as if with a flood
A: ♣例  That spring the massive runoff from melting snows overwhelmed the valley. 那个春天，整个村庄被融雪形成的洪流吞没了。
A: ♣近  deluge, drown, engulf, inundate, overflow, submerge, submerse, swamp
A: ♣反  drain 抽干
A: ♠考法2  vt. （感情上、精神上）使无所适从，使难以承受： to subject to incapacitating emotional or mental stress
A: ♣例  Just the thought of how much work there is to do overwhelms me. 仅仅是想想还有多少工作没完成就几乎让我喘不过气了。
A: ♣近  devastate, oppress, overcome, overmaster, overpower, prostrate, whelm
A: ♣反  relieve 使舒缓
A: ♣派  overwhelming adj. 势不可挡的，无法抗拒的

Q:overwrought  [,əuvə'rɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 十分激动的，非常不安的： being in a state of increased activity or agitation
A: ♣例  She became overwrought when she heard that her child was missing. 当她得知自己孩子失踪的消息后变得极其激动和不安。
A: ♣近  agitated, excited, frenzied, heated, hectic, hyperactive, overactive
A: ♣反  calm, collected, composed, placid, serene, tranquil 冷静的，沉着的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （装饰）过分华丽的： elaborately and often excessively decorated
A: ♣例  The author's prose is overwrought with purple passages and florid metaphors. 这个作者的散文里充满了词藻华丽的段落和比喻，显得有些过分。
A: ♣近  baroque, bedizened, flamboyant, florid, fussy, gingerbreaded, ornate, overdecorated
A: ♣反  austere, plain, severe, stark, unadorned 朴素的

Q:oxymoron  [,ɔksi'mɔ:rɔn]
A: ♠考法1  n. 矛盾修饰法： a combination of contradictory or incongruous words
A: ♣例  The phrase “cruel kindness” is an oxymoron. “残酷的仁慈”就是矛盾修饰法的一个例子。|| The phrase “Broadway rock musical” is an oxymoron. Broadway doesn't have the nerve to let the really hard stuff in the house. “百老汇的摇滚音乐剧”是个反讽。百老汇才不会允许吵吵闹闹的东西在里面演出。

Q:pacify  ['pæsifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使平静，安慰： to ease the anger or agitation of
A: ♣例  pacify a crying child 安抚一个哭泣的孩子
A: ♣近  appease, assuage, conciliate, mollify, placate, propitiate
A: ♣反  incite, rankle, tantrum, vex, discompose, truculent 煽动激起

Q:padding  ['pædiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 夸张，废话： the representation of something in terms that go beyond the facts
A: ♣例  that feature writer is sometimes guilty of padding, but he keeps it from getting out of hand 这作者有时候夸夸其谈，但是保持了适度
A: ♣近  caricature, coloring, elaboration, embellishment, embroidery, hyperbole, magnification, overstatement, stretching
A: ♣反  meiosis, understatement 轻描淡写

Q:paean  ['pi:ən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 欢乐颂： a joyous song or hymn of praise, tribute, thanksgiving, or triumph
A: ♣例  her retirement party featured many paeans for her long years of service to the company 她的退休派对满是对她多年在公司辛勤工作的赞颂
A: ♣近  accolade, citation, dithyramb, eulogium, eulogy, hymn, panegyric, tribute

Q:painstaking  ['peinz,teikiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 煞费苦心的： taking pains: expending, showing, or involving diligent care and effort
A: ♣例  It took months of painstaking research to write the book. 这本书的写作耗费了几个月的苦心研究。
A: ♣近  careful, conscientious, fussy, meticulous, scrupulous
A: ♣反  slipshod, cursory, careless 漫不经心的，草率的

Q:palatable  ['pælətəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 感到愉悦满足的： giving pleasure or contentment to the mind or senses
A: ♣例  I always associate the palatable aroma of roasting turkey with Thanksgiving. 我总是把香喷喷的烤火鸡的味道和感恩节联系起来
A: ♣近  agreeable, blessed, congenial, delectable, delightful, delightsome, dreamy, dulcet, enjoyable, felicitous, grateful, gratifying, heavenly, jolly, luscious, pleasurable, satisfying, savory
A: ♣反  disagreeable, pleasureless, unpalatable, unpleasant, unwelcome 不愉悦的

Q:palatial  [pə'leiʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宫殿般奢华的： of the nature of a palace, as in spaciousness or ornateness
A: ♣例  a palatial penthouse apartment 一套豪华的顶层公寓
A: ♣近  deluxe, lavish, luxuriant, opulent, sumptuous
A: ♣反  ascetic, austere, humble, no-frills, spartan

Q:palaver  [pə'lævə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 对话，交流： an exchange of views for the purpose of exploring a subject or deciding an issue
A: ♣例  seemingly endless palaver between the negotiating parties 谈判双方之间看似没有尽头的对话
A: ♣近  argument, colloquy, conference, consult, council, counsel, debate, dialogue, parley
A: ♠考法2  vi. 闲聊： to talk profusely or idly
A: ♣例  Mothers were palavering and drinking coffee while watching their children play. 母亲们一边看着她们的孩子玩耍，一边喝着咖啡闲谈。
A: ♣近  babble, chatter, converse, gabble, jabber, prate, prattle, rattle, twitter

Q:pall  [pɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 失去兴趣： to lose in interest or attraction
A: ♣例  His humor began to pall on us. 他的幽默开始使我们生腻了。
A: ♣反  interest, intrigue 激发兴趣

Q:palliate  ['pælieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 平息，减轻： to make less severe or intense; mitigate
A: ♣例  palliative drug 缓解剂
A: ♣近  allay, alleviate, assuage, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe
A: ♣反  aggravate, exacerbate, worsen, increase intensity 加剧，恶化

Q:pallid  ['pælid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无生气的，缺乏活力的： lacking in radiance or vitality; dull
A: ♣例  The movie is a pallid version of the classic novel. 这部经典小说改编的电影很苍白无力。
A: ♣反  piquant 兴奋的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 苍白无血色的： having an abnormally pale or wan complexion
A: ♣例  a pallid girl who looked as though she'd never seen the sun 一个面色苍白的姑娘，仿佛从来没有晒过太阳
A: ♣近  ashen, ashy, blanched, pasty, wan
A: ♣反  rubicund, blooming, florid, flush, full-blooded, glowing, ruddy, sanguine 红润的

Q:palmy  ['pɑ:mi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 繁荣的： marked by prosperity
A: ♣例  the palmy days of the British drama 英国戏剧的繁荣时期
A: ♣近  flourishing, prosperous, thriving, booming, lush, roaring, halcyon
A: ♣反  failed, depressed, unprosperous, unsuccessful 不成功，不繁荣的

Q:palpable  ['pælpəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 摸得到的： capable of being touched or felt
A: ♣例  a small but palpable lump in my neck 我脖子上有一块小但是能摸得到的肿块
A: ♣近  touchable
A: ♣反  impalpable, intangible
A: ♠考法2  adj. 明显的，易觉察的： easily perceived; obvious
A: ♣例  a palpable difference 易觉察的差别
A: ♣近  apprehensible, detectable, discernible, distinguishable, sensible
A: ♣反  imperceptible, inappreciable, indistinguishable, insensible, undetectable 隐晦的，细微的

Q:palpitation  [,pælpi'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. （有节奏的）舒张收缩： a rhythmic expanding and contracting
A: ♣例  a palpitation of the blood vessels 血管有节奏的舒张收缩
A: ♣近  beat, beating, pulse, throb

Q:palter  ['pɔ:ltə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 欺骗： to act insincerely or deceitfully
A: ♣例  unwilling to palter over the price of the house 拒绝对房子漫天要价
A: ♣近  chaffer, deal, dicker, haggle, horse-trade, negotiate, equivocate
A: ♣反  candor 坦率

Q:paltry  ['pɔ:ltri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无价值的；微不足道的： lacking in importance or worth
A: ♣例  used a paltry, underhanded scheme to get him fired 用一个微小卑鄙的手段炒了他鱿鱼
A: ♣近  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, niggling, piddling, piffling, trivial
A: ♣反  significant, important, big, consequential, considerable, material 意义重大的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 让人厌恶，让人鄙视的： arousing or deserving of one's loathing and disgust
A: ♣例  a paltry, underhanded scheme to get someone fired 一个卑鄙的炒掉某人的计谋
A: ♣近  cheap, cruddy, deplorable, despicable, grubby, lame, lousy, mean, scummy, scurvy, sneaking, wretched
A: ♣反  admirable, commendable, creditable, laudable, meritorious, praiseworthy 令人尊敬的

Q:pan  [pæn]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 严厉批评： a harsh criticism
A: ♣例  almost all the movie critics have panned this latest sequel in a tired series 几乎所有的影评家都批评这部最新续集，认为是狗尾续貂
A: ♣近  blame, censure, condemn, denounce, dispraise, reprehend
A: ♣反  eulogize, extol, rave, laud, praise 称赞

Q:panacea  [,pænə'si:ə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 万能药，万灵药： a remedy for all ills or difficulties
A: ♣例  a woman who seems to believe that chicken soup is a panacea for nearly everything 一个相信鸡汤是万能灵药的妇女‖Bicycles are not a panacea for the traffic problem. 自行车并不是解决交通问题的万能药。
A: ♣近  catholicon, cure-all, elixir, nostrum

Q:panache  [pə'næʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 炫耀： dash or flamboyance in style and action
A: ♣例  The BBC Symphony Orchestra played with great panache. BBC交响乐队
A: ♣反  humility, unremarkable behavior, dullness 谦逊，寻常举止，平庸乏味

Q:pandemic  [pæn'demik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大范围流行的： widespread; general
A: ♣例  pandemic malaria 大规模的疟疾
A: ♣反  limited 有限的

Q:pandemonium  [,pændi'məunjəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喧嚣，骚动： wild uproar or noise
A: ♣例  Christmas morning at our house is always marked by pandemonium 圣诞节的早上总是免不了一番吵吵闹闹
A: ♣近  bluster, bustle, disturbance, furor, fuss, hubbub, moil, pother, ruckus, ruction, tumult, turmoil, uproar
A: ♣反  serene 安静

Q:panegyric  [,pæni'dʒirik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 赞颂之词： a eulogistic oration or writing
A: ♣例  wrote a panegyric on the centennial of the Nobel laureate's birth 为诺贝尔获得者百年诞辰纪念日写了一篇溢美之词
A: ♣近  accolade, citation, commendation, dithyramb, eulogium, eulogy, hymn, paean
A: ♣反  anathema, denunciation, condemnation 诅咒，谴责

Q:panoramic  [,pænə'ræmik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 全景的： of an unobstructed or complete view of an area in every direction
A: ♣例  a panorama of American history 美国历史总览
A: ♣近  compendious, complete, comprehensive, cyclopedic, embracive, exhaustive, thorough, in-depth
A: ♣反  narrow 狭窄的

Q:parable  ['pærəbl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 寓言： a story intended to teach a basic truth or moral about life
A: ♣例  the parable in which the repentant sinner is compared to the returning prodigal son 这个寓言故事将不愿悔过的罪人和回头的浪子进行了比较
A: ♣近  apologue, fable

Q:paradigm  ['pærədim]
A: ♠考法1  n. 典范，模范： one that serves as a pattern or model
A: ♣例  He was the paradigm of the successful man. 他是成功人士的典范
A: ♣近  archetype, example, exemplar, ideal, model, pattern, paragon

Q:paradise  ['pærədais]
A: ♠考法1  n. 天堂，极乐世界： an often imaginary place or state of utter perfection and happiness
A: ♣例  an idealist who trotted the globe looking for paradise 一个奔波于全世界以寻找一片乐土的理想主义者
A: ♣近  bliss, empyrean, heaven, nirvana, utopia
A: ♣反  hell, inferno 地狱
A: ♠考法2  n. 快乐，狂喜： a state of overwhelming usually pleasurable emotion
A: ♣例  that early stage of a romance when lovers are in paradise 爱情初期，当恋人们都处于快乐兴奋的状态时
A: ♣近  elation, euphoria, exhilaration, intoxication, rapture, rhapsody, transport
A: ♣反  dejection, depression, gloominess, melancholy 沮丧，哀伤

Q:paradox  ['pærədɔks]
A: ♠考法1  n. 表面矛盾实际可能正确的话，悖论： a statement that is seemingly contradictory or opposed to common sense and yet is perhaps true
A: ♣例  The paradox is that fishermen would catch more fish if they fished less. 存在的一个悖论就是：如果渔民减少捕鱼量的话，他们将会捕到更多的鱼
A: ♣近  dichotomy, incongruity

Q:paragon  ['pærəɡən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 优秀模范： a model of excellence or perfection of a kind; a peerless example
A: ♣例  a paragon of good husband 模范好丈夫
A: ♣近  archetype, example, exemplar, ideal, model, pattern, paradigm
A: ♠考法2  vt. 把…比作；显示相似： to compare with; parallel
A: ♣例  paragon retreat with treachery 把撤退比作是背叛
A: ♣近  assimilate, compare, equate, liken, match, parallel
A: ♣反  contrast 对比，对照以产生反差

Q:paramount  ['pærəmaunt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 最重要的： of chief concern or importance
A: ♣例  The paramount goal is to restore the colonial-era house with complete historical accuracy. 最重要的任务就是十分精确地依照历史重建殖民时期的建筑
A: ♣近  cardinal, chief, key, leading, main, predominant, preeminent, primary, principal, supreme
A: ♣反  ancillary, secondary 次要的；paltry, petty, trifling, trivial 不重要的

Q:paranoid  ['pærənɔid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多疑的，对他人极端恐惧和怀疑的： exhibiting or characterized by extreme and irrational fear or distrust of others
A: ♣例  a paranoid suspicion that the phone might be bugged 疑神疑鬼地担心电话被窃听了
A: ♣近  distrustful, nervous, suspicious, unbelieving, worried
A: ♣反  credulous 轻信的
A: ♣派  paranoia n. 偏执狂

Q:paraphrase  ['pærəfreiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 转述，意译，改写： to express something (as a text or statement) in different words
A: ♣例  Could you please paraphrase your diagnosis of my health condition, using simpler language? 您能否用更通俗的话语转述一下您对我健康状况的诊断呢
A: ♣近  rephrase, restate, reword, translate
A: ♣反  quote （不加以修改地）引用

Q:parch  [pɑ:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 烤干： to make extremely dry, especially by exposure to heat
A: ♣例  parch a surface from exposure to sun 通过太阳照射烤干一个面
A: ♣近  dehydrate, desiccate, dry, scorch, sear
A: ♣反  douse, drench, hydrate, steep, wash, water, wet 弄湿

Q:parenthesis  [pəˈrenθɪsɪs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 间断： an interruption of continuity; an interval
A: ♣例  a parenthesis in an otherwise solid marriage 在本该是完满婚姻中的一个插曲
A: ♣近  discontinuity, interim, interlude, intermission, interregnum, interruption, interstice, interval
A: ♣反  continuation, continuity 持续不断；resumption 继续

Q:pariah  ['pæriə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 被排斥或鄙视的人： one that is despised or rejected, outcast
A: ♣例  I felt like a pariah when I wore the wrong outfit to the dinner party. 当我穿着不恰当的礼服赴宴时，我感觉自己被别人狠狠地鄙视了
A: ♣近  castaway, castoff, leper, reject
A: ♣反  respectable person 值得尊敬的人

Q:parity  ['pæriti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 相称，同等，平等： the quality or state of being equal or equivalent
A: ♣例  to achieve parity with our commercial competitors 取得与我们的商业竞争对手同等的地位
A: ♣近  coequality, coordinateness, equality, equivalency, par, sameness
A: ♣反  disparity, imparity, inequality 不公平；incommensurateness 不相称

Q:parody  ['pærədi]
A: ♠考法1  n. （以嘲笑原作作者的）模仿作品： a literary or musical work in which the style of an author or work is closely imitated for comic effect or in ridicule
A: ♣例  The Back Dormitory Boys specialize in parody of Backstreet Boys. 后舍男生擅长恶搞后街男孩。
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, spoof, travesty
A: ♠考法2  v. 模仿（以嘲弄）： to copy or exaggerate (someone or something) in order to make fun of
A: ♣例  parodying a public figure's mannerisms 模仿嘲弄一个公共人物的举止
A: ♣近  imitate, mock, mimic

Q:paroxysm  ['pærəksizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. （感情、动作的）突发：a sudden outburst of emotion or action
A: ♣例  a paroxysm of coughing 突然一阵咳嗽
A: ♣近  burst, ebullition, eruption, explosion, flare, flash, flush, gush, outburst, storm
A: ♠考法2  n. （政治、社会领域的）大动荡：a violent disturbance (as of the political or social order)
A: ♣例  Darwin's introduction of the theory of evolution created paroxysms in both religion and science that are still being felt today. 达尔文提出的进化论给宗教界和科学界都带来了巨大的冲击，时至今日我们仍然可以感觉到
A: ♣近  bouleversement, cataclysm, earthquake, hurricane, storm, tempest, tumult, upheaval, uproar

Q:parrot  ['pærət]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （机械地）模仿，复制： to repeat or imitate, especially without understanding
A: ♣例  parrot others blindly 盲目地人云亦云
A: ♣近  copy, ditto, duplicate, echo, quote
A: ♣反  coin, create, devise, invent 创造

Q:parry  ['pæri]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 躲避（问题）： to evade especially by an adroit answer
A: ♣例  He parried the embarrassing question with a clever reply. 他以巧妙的回答躲避了这个令人尴尬的问题
A: ♣近  avoid, dodge, elude, eschew, evade, finesse, scape, shirk, shun
A: ♣反  confront, face, meet 面对；embrace 欣然接受

Q:parsimonious  [,pɑ:si'məunjəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 过度节俭的，吝啬的： frugal to the point of stinginess
A: ♣例  the stereotype of the dour and parsimonious Scotsman 严肃而吝啬的苏格兰人的典型代表
A: ♣近  closefisted, mean, mingy, miserly, niggardly, penurious, stinting, tight, tightfisted, uncharitable, ungenerous
A: ♣反  generous, liberal, munificent 慷慨的；dissolute, extravagant, prodigal, wasteful 浪费的，挥霍的

Q:partial  ['pɑ:ʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 偏袒的，偏爱的： inclined to favor one party more than the other: biased
A: ♣例  He is partial to Maverick. 他偏爱小牛队
A: ♣近  biased, one-sided, partisan, prejudiced
A: ♣反  disinterested, equitable, evenhanded, fair, impartial, neutral, objective, unbiased, unprejudiced 公平的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 部分的，不完整的： lacking some necessary part
A: ♣例  a partial answer to the problem 一部分的解答
A: ♣近  deficient, fragmental, fragmentary, half, halfway
A: ♣反  complete, entire, full, intact, integral, perfect, whole 完整的
A: ♣派  partially adv. 部分地；partiality n. 偏袒，偏爱

Q:particularize  [pə'tikjuləraiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 详述： to go into or give details or particulars
A: ♣例  particularize the rules you must observe 详述了你需要遵守的规定
A: ♣近  detail, specificate, specify
A: ♣反  abbreviate, abridge, condense, shorten 删减内容

Q:partisan  [,pɑ:ti'zæn]
A: ♠考法1  n. 跟随者，信徒： one who follows the opinions or teachings of another
A: ♣例  Partisans of the charismatic leader refuse to tolerate any criticism of him at all. 跟随者们不允许任何有关他们富有魅力的领导的负面言论
A: ♣近  acolyte, adherent, disciple, pupil, votary
A: ♣反  bellwether, leader 领导者
A: ♠考法2  n. （狂热、坚定的）拥护者，支持者： one who is intensely or excessively devoted to a cause
A: ♣例  a partisan of the revolution who was even willing to give her life for it 一个愿意为了革命献出自己生命的坚定拥护者
A: ♣近  crusader, fanatic, ideologue, zealot, true believer
A: ♣反  adversary, antagonist, opponent 反对者
A: ♠考法3  adj. 偏袒的： inclined to favor one side over another
A: ♣例  a shamelessly partisan news report 一篇无耻的、有倾向性的新闻报道
A: ♣近  biased, one-sided, partial, prejudiced
A: ♣反  disinterested, equitable, evenhanded, fair, impartial, neutral, objective, unbiased, unprejudiced 公平的

Q:partition  [pɑ:'tiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 分割，划分： the act or process of dividing something into parts
A: ♣例  the partition of Czechoslovakia into the Czech Republic and Slovakia 捷克斯洛伐克被分裂成捷克共和国和斯洛伐克
A: ♣近  bifurcation, breakup, cleavage, disunion, division, fractionalization, schism, scission, split, sundering
A: ♣反  unification, union 联合

Q:pastiche  [pæs'ti:ʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. （带嘲讽的）模仿： a literary, artistic, musical, or architectural work that imitates the style of previous work, often with satirical intent
A: ♣例  a pastiche of Botticelli's Birth of Venus 波提且利画作《维纳斯的诞生》的仿品
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, imitation, parody, spoof, travesty
A: ♣反  original work 原作
A: ♠考法2  n. 大杂烩： a pasticcio of incongruous parts; a hodgepodge
A: ♣例  a pastiche of dishes from many countries 来自众多国家的饮食杂烩
A: ♣近  agglomerate, collage, hodgepodge, jumble, jungle, medley, montage, motley, salad, variety, welter

Q:patent  ['pætnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 显而易见的，明显的： readily visible or intelligible: obvious
A: ♣例  Unfortunately, the patent flaw of the proposal did not deter the city council from putting it up for a vote. 不幸的是，尽管提案中有着显而易见的缺陷，市议会依然将它拿出来进行投票
A: ♣近  apparent, blatant, conspicuous, evident, flagrant, manifest, obvious, plain
A: ♣反  concealed, hidden, invisible 隐藏的，不可见的

Q:pathological  [,pæθə'lɔdʒikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不正常的，病态的： being such to a degree that is extreme, excessive, or markedly abnormal
A: ♣例  She has a pathological fear of snakes. 她对蛇有一种病态的恐惧
A: ♣近  abnormal, aberrant, anomalous, morbid
A: ♣反  normal 正常的；natural 自然的

Q:patina  ['pætinə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 外表： a superficial covering or exterior
A: ♣例  a superficial patina of knowledge 表面肤浅的知识
A: ♣近  fa?ade, hull, skin, veneer
A: ♣反  essential quality 本质；core, kernel 核心
A: ♠考法2  n. （由内而外散发的）氛围，气场： an appearance or aura that is derived from association, habit, or established character
A: ♣例  Although the winery is brand-new, it has been constructed and decorated to give it a patina of old-world quaintness. 尽管酿酒厂是全新建造的，但它的构造和装饰都刻意营造出一种古色古香的奇异氛围
A: ♣反  air, ambience, aroma, atmosphere, climate, flavor, halo, odor, smell, temper, vibration

Q:patrician  [pə'triʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 贵族，名门望族： a man or woman of high birth or social position
A: ♣例  the rank of a patrician 贵族等级
A: ♣近  aristocrat, noble, blue blood
A: ♣反  plebeian 平民，庶民
A: ♠考法2  adj. 贵族的，地位高的： of high birth, rank, or station
A: ♣例  came from a patrician family 出身贵族世家
A: ♣近  aristocratic, genteel, gentle, grand, great, highborn, highbred, upper-class, wellborn
A: ♣反  baseborn, common, humble, ignoble, low, lower-class, mean 地位低下的

Q:patriot  ['peitriət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 爱国者： one who loves his or her country and supports its authority and interests
A: ♣例  The USA PATRIOT Act has generated a great deal of controversy since its enactment. 自实施之日起，美国的《爱国者法案》就产生了大量的争议‖a fanatical patriot 狂热的爱国者
A: ♣近  loyalist, nationalist, partisan
A: ♣反  apostate, recreant, renegade, traitor, turncoat 叛徒；insurgent, mutineer, rebel 叛乱者
A: ♣派  patriotism n. 爱国主义

Q:patronize  ['pætrənaiz]
A: ♠考法1 vt. 赞助： provide aid or support for
A: ♣例  a company that loyally patronizes the arts 一个一直以来坚持赞助艺术界的公司
A: ♣近  advocate, back, champion, endorse, support, uphold
A: ♣反  baffle, foil, frustrate, sabotage 阻挠，从中破坏
A: ♠考法2 v. 以高人一等的态度对待：to adopt an air of condescension toward : treat haughtily or coolly
A: ♣例  a director with an unpleasant habit of patronizing even his most gifted actors 一个有着令人讨厌习惯的导演，他即便是对手下最有才华的演员也傲慢地对待
A: ♣近  condescend
A: ♣派  patron n. 赞助人

Q:paucity  ['pɔ:siti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 少量，缺乏： smallness of number; dearth
A: ♣例  an extreme paucity of natural resources 极度缺乏自然资源
A: ♣近  dearth, deficit, drought, inadequacy, insufficiency, lack, scantiness, scarcity, shortage, undersupply, want
A: ♣反  abundance, adequacy, amplitude, opulence, plenitude, sufficiency, wealth 大量，丰富

Q:paunchy  ['pɔ:ntʃi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大腹便便，大肚子的： having a potbelly
A: ♣例  a paunchy middle-aged man 一个大腹便便的中年男子
A: ♣近  corpulent, fat, potbellied
A: ♣反  slender, slim, svelte, thin 瘦的，苗条的

Q:peck  [pek]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大量： a considerable amount
A: ♣例  Now you're in a peck of trouble. 现在你有一堆麻烦了
A: ♣近  abundance, bunch, bundle, dozen, mass, mountain, much, multiplicity, myriad, pile, plenitude, profusion, ton, volume, wealth
A: ♣反  bit, glimmer, handful, hint, little, mite, nip, ounce, peanuts, pittance, spot, sprinkle, trace 少量
A: ♠考法2  v. （不情愿地）小口咬： to eat reluctantly and in small bites
A: ♣例  Fashion models never really eat: they just peck at small meals in expensive restaurants. 时装模特们几乎不吃东西——他们只是随便咬一口昂贵餐厅里的食物
A: ♣近  bite, nibble, sip, tipple
A: ♣近  devour, gobble, gorge, guzzle, quaff, swill 贪婪地吃喝，大口吃喝

Q:peculiarity  [pi,kju:li'æriti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 特征，特点： a distinguishing characteristic
A: ♣例  It is a peculiarity of the house that there is no front door. 没有大门是这座房子的一个特色。
A: ♣近  attribute, character, criterion, diagnostic, differentia, feature, fingerprint, hallmark, mark, note, particularity, quality, specific, trait

Q:pedagogical  [pedə'gɔdʒikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 教学的，教师的： of, relating to, or befitting a teacher or education
A: ♣例  I have no brow of such a pedagogical tone. 我一点也不喜欢这种说教的口吻。
A: ♣近  preceptorial
A: ♣反  pupilary 学生的

Q:pedagogue  ['pedəɡɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 教育者，老师： a person whose occupation is to give formal instruction in a school
A: ♣例  a boring pedagogue who is called “PPT reader” 一个被戏称为“幻灯片朗读机”的无聊老师
A: ♣近  educator, instructor, preceptor, teacher
A: ♣反  disciple, pupil, student 弟子，学生

Q:pedant  ['pedənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 书呆子，墨守成规之人： one who pays undue attention to book learning and formal rules
A: ♣例  He is a perfect type of pedant. 他是个十足的书呆子
A: ♣近  doctrinaire, dogmatist

Q:pedestrian  [pi'destriən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 行人： a person traveling on foot
A: ♣例  a lane reserved for pedestrians 行人专用道
A: ♣近  footer, walker
A: ♣反  rider 骑手
A: ♠考法2  adj. 平庸无奇的，令人厌倦的： causing weariness, restlessness, or lack of interest
A: ♣例  His style is so pedestrian that the book becomes a real bore. 他的风格是如此平庸以至于整本书显得非常无聊
A: ♣近  arid, dreary, dull, flat, jading, jejune, monochromatic, monotonous, stale, stodgy, tedious, wearisome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 吸引人的

Q:peel  [pi:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 剥去： to strip off an outer layer of
A: ♣例  She can peel apples with lightning speed. 她能以飞快的速度削苹果。
A: ♣近  bark, flay, hull, husk, shell, shuck, skin, strip
A: ♠考法2  vi. 脱去（衣服等）： to take off one's clothes
A: ♣例  peeled off the wet clothes 脱去湿衣服
A: ♣近  doff, douse, put off, shrug off, take off
A: ♣反  don, put on 穿上

Q:peep  [pi:p]
A: ♠考法1  n. 一瞥： a brief and sometimes furtive look
A: ♣例  take a peep at the new neighbors偷偷瞄了我们的新邻居一眼
A: ♣近  gander, glance, glimpse, peek
A: ♠考法2  n. 轻声： a slight sound or utterance
A: ♣例  I haven't heard a peep out of the children for an hour.我已经一个小时没听到孩子们的声音了
A: ♣近  mumble, murmur, mutter, twitter, whisper
A: ♣反  clamor, noise, outcry, roar 喧哗，吵闹

Q:peer  [piə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 同等地位的人，同辈： a person who has equal standing with others
A: ♣例  stand out among peers 在同辈当中很出众
A: ♣近  coequal, compeer, coordinate, counterpart, equivalent, fellow, match, parallel
A: ♣反  inferior 地位更低的人；superior 地位更高的人
A: ♠考法2  v. 好奇地凝视： to look narrowly or curiously;
A: ♣例  peer at the variety of marine life in the aquarium's huge tank 好奇地注视着巨大水族箱中丰富多样的海洋生物
A: ♣近  blink, gape, gawk, gaze, goggle, rubberneck, stare
A: ♣反  glance, glimpse 投去一瞥
A: ♣派  peerless adj. 无与伦比的，不可比拟的

Q:peeve  [pi:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 打扰，惹恼： to disturb the peace of mind of (someone) especially by repeated disagreeable acts
A: ♣例  be constantly peeved by his affected flattery 总是被他做作的谄媚所惹恼
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, bother, exasperate, frost, gall, irk, nettle, pique, rile, ruffle, vex
A: ♣反  becalm, compose, lull, lullaby, quiet, salve, settle, soothe, still, tranquilize 使镇定
A: ♣派  peevish adj. 易怒的，脾气不好的

Q:pejorative  ['pi:dʒərətive]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轻蔑的，贬低的： disparaging; belittling
A: ♣例  I agree that I am ambitious, and I don't see it as a pejorative term. 我承认我“雄心勃勃”，但我并不认为这是一个贬义词
A: ♣近  belittling, contemptuous, degrading, deprecatory, depreciative, derogative, disdainful, disparaging, scornful
A: ♣反  commendatory, complimentary, laudatory 赞美的

Q:pellucid  [pe'lju:sid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 透明的： admitting the passage of light
A: ♣例  pellucid spring water 清澈透明的泉水
A: ♣近  crystal, crystalline, limpid, liquid, lucent, transparent
A: ♣反  opaque 不透明的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 清晰明确的，易懂的： transparently clear in style or meaning
A: ♣例  Her poetry has a pellucid simplicity that betrays none of the sweat that went into writing it. 她的诗歌风格十分清新简约，丝毫没有体现出她为此付出的汗水
A: ♣近  apparent, distinct, evident, lucid, manifest, obvious, palpable, patent, perspicuous, plain, straightforward
A: ♣反  clouded, cryptic, enigmatic, indistinct, mysterious, obfuscated, obscure 模糊难懂的

Q:pen  [pen]
A: ♠考法1  n. 监狱： a place of confinement for persons held in lawful custody
A: ♣例  spent six years in a federal pen 在联邦监狱中度过了六年
A: ♣近  bastille, coop, jail, prison, stockade
A: ♠考法2  v. 关押，监禁： to close or shut in by or as if by barriers
A: ♣例  remember to pen up the dogs when visitors come over 客人来的时候别忘了把狗给关起来
A: ♣近  box, encage, encase, envelop, fence, hedge, immure, include, wall
A: ♣反  release 释放；enfranchise, free, liberate, set free 使自由

Q:penalty  ['penəlti]
A: ♠考法1  n. （对罪行的）处罚： a punishment established by law or authority for a crime or offense
A: ♣例  The maximum penalty is 7 years’ imprisonment. 最为严厉的惩罚是七年的有期徒刑
A: ♣近  fine, forfeit, punishment, retribution
A: ♣反  honor, reward 奖励
A: ♣派  penalize v. 处以惩罚

Q:penchant  ['pentʃənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 强烈嗜好，迷恋： a strong and continued inclination
A: ♣例  a penchant for Champaign 非常喜爱香槟
A: ♣近  affection, bias, disposition, leaning, partiality, predilection, predisposition, proclivity, propensity, tendency
A: ♣反  aversion, disfavor, disinclination, dislike, distaste, loathing, repugnance, repulsion 反感

Q:penitent  ['penitənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 悔过的： feeling or expressing humble or regretful pain or sorrow for sins or offenses
A: ♣例  a penitentbusinessman who had come to ask for forgiveness 一个来寻求宽恕的决定悔过自新的商人
A: ♣近  apologetic, compunctious, regretful, remorseful, repentant, rueful, sorry
A: ♣反  impenitent, remorseless, unapologetic, unrepentant 不知悔改的

Q:pensive  ['pensiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 沉思的，（尤指）哀思的： given to or marked by long, quiet and often musingly sadthinking
A: ♣例  Rainy days often put her in a pensive mood. 雨天总是让她陷入深深的思考之中
A: ♣近  broody, cogitative, meditative, melancholy, musing, reflective, ruminant, ruminative, thoughtful
A: ♣反  mindless, thoughtless, unreflective 不加思考的

Q:penury  ['penjuri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 贫穷： extreme dearth; barrenness or insufficiency
A: ♣例  Some have pessimistically regarded the higher education in China as an invisible and irresistible path to penury. 有人悲观地把中国的高等教育看作是一条通往贫穷的通道——无形但不可抗拒
A: ♣近  destitution, impecuniosity, impoverishment, indigence, neediness, poorness, poverty, want
A: ♣反  affluence, opulence, richness, wealth 富裕
A: ♠考法2  n. 吝啬，节俭： extreme and often niggardly frugality
A: ♣例  They bitterly complained about their father's penury. 他们哀怨地抱怨父亲的节俭
A: ♣近  closeness, miserliness, niggardliness, parsimony, penuriousness, stinginess, tightfistedness, tightness
A: ♣反  generosity, largesse, munificence, openhandedness, philanthropy 慷慨的
A: ♣派  penurious adj. 贫穷的；吝啬的

Q:perambulate  [pə'ræmbjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 徒步穿越，走过： to travel over or through especially on foot for exercise or pleasure
A: ♣例  We decided to lazily perambulate the entire length of the esplanade and enjoy the fresh air. 我们决定悠哉地徒步走过滨海大道，享受清新的空气
A: ♣近  amble, cross, go, navigate, pass, peregrinate, proceed, ramble, transit, travel, traverse

Q:perceptible  [pə'septibl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可察觉的： capable of being perceived especially by the senses
A: ♣例  You should be able to note a perceptible temperature change when you add the second reagents. 当你加入第二种试剂的时候，你应该能够察觉到明显的温度变化
A: ♣近  appreciable, apprehensible, detectable, discernible, distinguishable, palpable, sensible
A: ♣反  impalpable, imperceptible, inappreciable, indistinguishable, insensible, undetectable 不能感知的

Q:perceptive  [pə'septiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 敏锐的： able to sense slight impressions or differences
A: ♣例  Due to their ability to rotate their ears, cats are very perceptive when it comes to pinpointing the source of a sound. 由于猫能够转动它们的耳朵，所以它们能十分敏锐地确定声源的位置。
A: ♣近  delicate, fine, keen,quick, sensitive, sharp
A: ♣反  dead, imperceptive, insensible, insensitive, numb 反应慢的，麻木的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 洞察力强的： having or showing deep understanding and intelligent application of knowledge
A: ♣例  A perceptive teacher was able to discover what was really troubling the youth. 一个洞察力强的老师应该能察觉真正困扰青少年是什么。
A: ♣近  discerning, insightful, prudent, sagacious, sage, sapient
A: ♣反  brainless, dumb, foolish, idiotic, imbecile, moronic, silly, simple, slow, stupid, thoughtless, unintelligent, unwise, witless 愚钝的

Q:peremptory  [pə'remptəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不容反抗的： not allowing contradiction or refusal; imperative
A: ♣例  a peremptory order from the general 将军下达的不容反抗的命令
A: ♣近  compulsory, forced, imperative, incumbent, involuntary, obligatory, required
A: ♣反  elective, optional, voluntary 可选择的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 爱发号施令的： fond of ordering people around
A: ♣例  The peremptory secretary began telling the crowd of reporters and photographers exactly where they had to stand. 爱发号施令的秘书开始部署记者和摄影师们应该站在哪里了
A: ♣近  authoritarian, despotic, dictatorial, domineering, imperious, masterful, overbearing, tyrannical, tyrannous
A: ♠考法3  adj. 傲慢的： having a feeling of superiority that shows itself in an overbearing attitude
A: ♣例  She had such a peremptory approach to running the club that people started to avoid her. 她用一种如此傲慢自大的方式来管理俱乐部，以至于大家纷纷开始躲避她
A: ♣近  assumptive, bumptious, haughty, imperious, lofty, pompous, presumptuous, pretentious, supercilious
A: ♣反  humble, lowly, modest 谦逊的

Q:perfervid  [pə:'fə:vid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常热情的： marked by overwrought or exaggerated emotion: excessively fervent
A: ♣例  perfervid love letter 热情洋溢的情书
A: ♣近  ardent, demonstrative, emotional, fervid, feverish, impassioned, passionate, torrid, vehement, warm
A: ♣反  cold, cool, detached, dispassionate, emotionless, impassive, unemotional 冷漠的

Q:perfidy  ['pə:fidi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不忠，背信弃义： an act or an instance of disloyalty
A: ♣例  As loyalty unites lovers, so perfidy estranges friends. 忠诚是爱情的纽带，欺诈是友谊的敌人
A: ♣近  backstabbing, disloyalty, infidelity, sellout, treachery, unfaithfulness, double cross
A: ♣反  allegiance, devotion, faithfulness, fidelity, loyalty, staunchness, steadfastness 忠诚
A: ♣派  perfidious adj. 不忠诚的

Q:perforate  ['pə:fəreit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 打孔，穿透： to make a hole through
A: ♣例  to perforate with a pin 用针穿孔
A: ♣近  bore, drill, hole, pierce, punch, puncture, riddle

Q:perfunctory  [pə'fʌŋktəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 例行公事的，敷衍的： characterized by routine or superficiality and often done merely as a duty
A: ♣例  gave his usual perfunctory nod 例行公事地随便点了个头
A: ♣近  automatic, cursory, mechanical, superficial
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不感兴趣的： lacking in interest or enthusiasm
A: ♣例  She gave the list only a perfunctory glance. 她无所谓地随便瞅了名单一眼
A: ♣近  apathetic, casual, disinterested, incurious, indifferent, insouciant, nonchalant, pococurante, unconcerned
A: ♣反  concerned, interested 感兴趣的

Q:perilous  ['periləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 危险的： involving potential loss or injury
A: ♣例  perilous journey through hostile territory 穿过敌方领土的危险行程
A: ♣近  dangerous, grave, grievous, hazardous, jeopardizing, menacing, risky, serious, threatening, venturesome
A: ♣反  harmless, innocent, innocuous, safe, unthreatening 安全的，无害的

Q:perimeter  [pə'rimitə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 边界，界限： the line or relatively narrow space that marks the outer limit of something
A: ♣派  soldiers guarding the perimeter of the camp 守卫者营地边界的士兵
A: ♣近  borderline, bound, boundary, circumference, confines, edge, frame, fringe, margin, periphery, skirt, verge
A: ♣反  center, core, heart, kernel 核心

Q:periodical  [,piəri'ɔdikəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 期刊： a publication that appears at regular intervals
A: ♣派  subscribed to three new periodicals 订阅了三份新的期刊
A: ♣近  book, magazine, newspaper, paper, review, serial
A: ♠考法2  adj. 周期性的，有固定间隔的： occurring or recurring at regular intervals
A: ♣派  periodical announcements from airline personnel concerning the delay 航空公司工作人员关于延误所进行的一遍又一遍的广播
A: ♣近  continual, periodic, recurrent, recurring
A: ♣反  constant, continuous, incessant, unceasing 持续不断的

Q:peripatetic  [,peripə'tetik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 巡游的，四处游历的： walking about or from place to place
A: ♣派  peripatetic preachers四处游历的传教士
A: ♣近  ambulant, errant, nomadic, perambulatory, peregrine, vagabond, wandering
A: ♣反  sedentary, settled 定居的

Q:peripheral  [pə'rifərəl]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 外围的： related to, located in, or constituting an outer boundary or periphery
A: ♣例  development in the peripheral areas of megacities 大城市边缘地区的发展
A: ♣近  circumferential, marginal
A: ♣反  central 中心的；interior 内部的
A: ♠考法2 adj. 辅助性的： available to supply something extra when needed
A: ♣例  The IT consultant suggested that we update the drivers for all of the computer's peripheral devices. IT咨询师建议我们更新电脑所有外围辅助设备的驱动程序
A: ♣近  accessorial, accessory, appurtenant, supplemental, supplementary
A: ♣反  chief, main, principal 主要的

Q:perish  ['periʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 死亡，消亡： to become destroyed or ruined: cease to exist
A: ♣例  thrive in calamity and perish in soft living 生于忧患，死于安乐‖adapt or perish 适应或是消亡
A: ♣近  decease, demise, die, end, expire, succumb, pass away
A: ♣反  breathe, live, survive 活着，存活

Q:permanent  ['pə:mənənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 永恒的： continuing or enduring without fundamental or marked change; lasting forever
A: ♣例  A temporary compromise has been accepted until a more permanent solution can be agreed upon. 在更为持久的决案被通过之前，一个暂时性的妥协方案被接受了
A: ♣近  ceaseless, dateless, deathless, endless, eternal, immortal, perpetual, undying, unending
A: ♣反  ephemeral, evanescent, transient, transitory 稍瞬即逝的；provisional, temporary 暂时性的
A: ♣派  permanence n. 永恒

Q:permeable  ['pə:miəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可渗透的： capable of being permeated or penetrated, especially by liquids or gases
A: ♣例  a permeable fabric that allows your body heat to escape 一种能使身体热量耗散的透气纤维
A: ♣近  passable, penetrable, pervious, porous
A: ♣反  waterproof 防水的；impassable, impenetrable, impervious, impermeable 不能渗透的

Q:pernicious  [pə'niʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有害的： highly injurious or destructive
A: ♣例  Business may be troublesome but idleness is pernicious. 工作烦人，懒散害人
A: ♣近  adverse, baleful, damaging, deleterious, detrimental, hurtful, injurious, mischievous, nocuous, noxious
A: ♣反  anodyne, benign, harmless, innocent, innocuous, inoffensive, safe 温和的，无害的

Q:peroration  [,perə'reiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. （演讲的）结束语： the concluding part of a discourse and especially an oration
A: ♣例  He summarized his main points in his peroration. 他在结束语中总结了自己的主要观点
A: ♣近  coda, conclusion, denouement, epilogue, finale
A: ♣反  foreword, prelude, preface, prologue, overture 前言，序曲
A: ♠考法2  n.（正式的）演讲，致辞： a usually formal discourse delivered to an audience
A: ♣例  a peroration celebrating the nation's long tradition of religious tolerance and pluralism 为庆祝该国长期以来对于宗教的容忍态度和宗教多元化所做的一个演讲
A: ♣近  address, declamation, harangue, oration, speech, talk

Q:perpetual  [pə'petʃuəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 永恒的，不断的： continuing forever：everlasting
A: ♣例  perpetual motion machine 永动机
A: ♣近  ceaseless, dateless, deathless, endless, eternal, immortal, perpetual, undying, unending
A: ♣反  ephemeral, evanescent, transient, transitory 稍瞬即逝的；provisional, temporary 暂时性的
A: ♣派  perpetuate v. 使永恒

Q:perquisite  ['pə:kwizit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 额外的好处： something given in addition to what is ordinarily expected or owed
A: ♣例  give the movers a perquisite if they do a good job 如果搬家工人做得好就会获得一定的小费‖The use of a company car is one perquisite of the job. 能使用公司的汽车是这项工作的附加好处之一。
A: ♣近  cumshaw, dividend, donative, extra, gratuity, gravy, lagniappe, perk, tip

Q:persecute  ['pə:sikju:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 迫害，折磨： to cause persistent suffering to
A: ♣例  people who were persecuted simply for practicing their religious faith 因为实践宗教信仰而惨遭迫害的人
A: ♣近  agonize, anguish, curse, excruciate, harrow, plague, rack, torment, torture
A: ♣派  persecution n. 迫害

Q:persevere  [,pə:si'viə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 坚持不懈，不屈不挠： to persist in or remain constant to a purpose, idea, or task in the face of obstacles or discouragement
A: ♣例  Although he was frustrated by the lack of financial resources and support, hepersevered in his scientific research. 尽管因为资金不足而受阻，但他仍坚持进行科学研究
A: ♣近  carry on, endure, persist
A: ♣反  renounce, succumb, surrender, yield放弃，屈服
A: ♣派  perseverance n. 坚持不懈

Q:persiflage  ['pə:siflɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 打趣： good-natured teasing or exchanging of clever remarks
A: ♣例  Their tongue-in-cheek persiflage is sometimes mistaken for an exchange of insults by people who don't know them. 他们半开玩笑的打趣有时候被不认识他们的人误认为是在互相对骂
A: ♣近  backchat, badinage, chaff, jesting, joshing, raillery, repartee

Q:persistence  [pə'sistəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 坚持，持续： uninterrupted or lasting existence
A: ♣近  The persistenceof the fever for a week caused me great worry. 持续一周的发烧让我很不安
A: ♣近  ceaselessness, continuance, continuity, durability, endurance, subsistence
A: ♣反  cessation, close, end, expiration, finish, stoppage, surcease, termination 停止
A: ♣派  persistent adj. 持续不断的

Q:personable  ['pə:sənəble]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 风度翩翩的，吸引人的： pleasing in personality or appearance; attractive
A: ♣例  apparently be attracted by a personable young man 明显被一位风度翩翩的少年迷住了
A: ♣近  alluring, appealing, attractive, captivating, charismatic, charming, comely, enchanting, handsome, pretty
A: ♣反  grotesque, hideous, ugly 丑陋的；homely 相貌平庸的

Q:perspicacious  [,pə:spi'keiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极敏锐的，有洞察力的： having or showing penetrating mental discernment; clear-sighted
A: ♣例  an impartial and perspicacious judge一个明镜高悬的法官
A: ♣近  astute, savvy, sharp, sharp-witted, shrewd, smart
A: ♣反  ignorant, oblivious, unknowing 未察觉的，无知的
A: ♣派  perspicacity n. 敏锐，洞察力

Q:perspicuity  [,pə:spi'kju:əti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 清晰明了： the quality of being perspicuous; clearness and lucidity
A: ♣例  The key of modern enterprise system is the prespicuity of property right. 现代企业制度的核心是产权的明晰
A: ♣近  clarity, clearness, explicitness, lucidity, lucidness, perspicuousness
A: ♣反  obscureness, obscurity, unclarity 模糊不清；ambiguity 模棱两可

Q:pertain  [pə:'tein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 有关联： to have a relation or connection; relate
A: ♣例  new evidence that pertains to the accident 与事故相关的新证据
A: ♣近  appertain, bear, concern, refer, relate
A: ♣派  pertaining adj. 有关系的

Q:pertinacious  [,pə:ti'neiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顽固的，固执地坚持的： sticking to an opinion, purpose, or course of action in spite of reason, arguments, or persuasion
A: ♣例  The pertinacious boy won’t stop crying unless his desire is satisfied. 这个固执的男孩在愿望没有满足的情况下是不会停止哭泣的
A: ♣近  adamant, headstrong, implacable, inflexible, intransigent, mulish, obdurate, perverse, stubborn, willful
A: ♣反  compliant, flexible, pliable, pliant, yielding 容易受影响的，容易控制的

Q:pertinent  ['pə:tinənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 相关的，恰当的： having a clear decisive relevance to the matter in hand
A: ♣例  He impressed the jury with his concise, pertinent answers to the attorney's questions. 他对律师提出的问题的简洁而恰当的回答给陪审团留下了深刻的印象
A: ♣近  applicable, apposite, apropos, germane, material, pointed, relative, relevant
A: ♣反  extraneous, immaterial, impertinent, inapplicable, inapposite, irrelevant, pointless 无关的
A: ♣派  pertinence n. 相关，恰当

Q:perturb  [pə'tə:b]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 扰乱，使烦躁不安： to trouble the mind of; to make uneasy
A: ♣例  perturbed me enough to keep me awake that night 让我烦躁到当晚失眠
A: ♣近  agitate, ail, bother, discomfort, discompose, distress, unsettle, upset
A: ♣反  calm, compose, quiet, settle, soothe, tranquilize使镇定
A: ♣派  perturbation n. 打扰，扰乱

Q:peruse  [pə'ru:z]
A: ♠考法1  v. 细读： to read or examine, typically with great care
A: ♣例  perused the manuscript to check for grammatical errors 细读手稿以检查语法错误
A: ♣近  examine, scrutinize
A: ♣反  glance, glimpse, scan, skim 一瞥，迅速浏览

Q:pervade  [pə:'veid]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 弥漫，充满： to be present throughout; permeate
A: ♣例  The mixed smell of sawdust and glue pervaded the whole factory. 锯末与胶水的味道弥漫了整个工厂‖the corruption that pervades every stratum of society 充斥在社会每个阶层中的腐败
A: ♣近  interpenetrate, percolate, riddle, suffuse, transfuse
A: ♣派  pervasive adj.弥漫的

Q:pessimistic  [,pesi'mistik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 悲观的： tending to stress the negative or unfavorable or to take the gloomiest possible view
A: ♣例  With that pessimistic attitude, it's no wonder you're depressed. 你的人生观如此悲观，难怪你会感到压抑
A: ♣近  bearish, defeatist, despairing, downbeat, hopeless
A: ♣反  optimistic 乐观的
A: ♣派  pessimism n. 悲观主义

Q:petition  [pi'tiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 请愿，正式的申请： a solemn supplication or request to a superior authority; an entreaty
A: ♣例  a petition for divorce 离婚申请书
A: ♣近  appeal, cry, entreaty, pleading, solicitation, supplication
A: ♠考法2  v. （尤指正式地）请求： to make a request, especially a formal written one
A: ♣例  She is petitioning to regain custody of the child. 为了重新获得孩子的监护权，她提出了正式申请
A: ♣近  adjure, beseech, conjure, entreat, impetrate, implore, importune, plead, solicit, supplicate
A: ♣派  petitioner n. 申请人，请愿者

Q:petrify  ['petrifai]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使僵化，失去活力： to cause to become stiff or stone-like; deaden
A: ♣例  Pressure from family has petrified his once innovative mind. 家庭的压力使他的头脑失去了往日的创造力
A: ♣近  damp, dampen, deaden, devitalize, enervate, lobotomize, ossify
A: ♣反  brace, energize, enliven, invigorate, quicken, stimulate, vitalize, vivify 使有活力
A: ♣派  petrification n. 石化，僵化

Q:petty  ['peti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 细微的，不重要的： of small importance; trivial
A: ♣例  play petty tricks 耍小聪明
A: ♣近  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, measly, minute, paltry, peanut, slight, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, considerable, important, material, momentous, significant 重大的，重要的

Q:petulant  ['petjulənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易怒的，爱发脾气的： easily irritated or annoyed
A: ♣例  He is a petulant and fussy man who is always blaming everyone else for his problems. 他是一个对细节非常在意而又容易生气的人，还总是把自己的问题怪罪到别人的头上。
A: ♣近  choleric, grouchy, grumpy, irascible, irritable, peevish, perverse, pettish, prickly, raspy, ratty, stuffy, testy
A: ♣反  forbearing, obliging, patient, stoic , tolerant 容忍的，忍让的
A: ♣派  petulance n. 易怒，坏脾气

Q:phenomenal  [fi'nɔminəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不寻常的，非凡的： being out of the ordinary;extraordinary; outstanding
A: ♣例  the phenomenal growth that the suburb has experienced over the last decade 过去几十年间郊区所经历的令人称奇的快速发展
A: ♣近  especial, exceptional, extraordinary, peculiar, preternatural, rare, singular, uncommon, unusual
A: ♣反  common, normal, ordinary, typical 普通的，典型的

Q:philanthropic  [,filən'θrɔpik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 博爱的，为他人着想的： having or showing a concern for the welfare of others
A: ♣例  the philanthropic aims of the organization 这个机构的博爱、利他的目标
A: ♣近  altruistic, beneficent, benevolent, eleemosynary, good, humanitarian
A: ♣反  misanthropic 反人类的；selfish 自私的
A: ♣派  philanthropist n. 博爱的人

Q:philistine  ['filistain]
A: ♠考法1  n. 市侩（注重物质而鄙视智慧或艺术的人）： a person who is guided by materialism and is usually disdainful of intellectual or artistic values
A: ♣例  The philistine's critics sometime limit artists’ imagine. 市侩之人的批评有时会限制艺术家的想象力
A: ♣近  lowbrow, materialist
A: ♣反  highbrow 文化修养高的人

Q:phlegmatic  [fleɡ'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冷静的，无感情的，淡漠的： having or suggesting a calm, sluggish temperament; unemotional
A: ♣例  a strangely phlegmatic response to what should have been happy news 对本该是一个让人开心的新闻的冷漠回复
A: ♣近  affectless, apathetic, cold-blooded, emotionless, impassible, numb, stoic, stolid
A: ♣反  demonstrative, emotional, fervent, fervid, impassioned, passionate, vehement 感情丰富的，热情的

Q:piddling  ['pidliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 微不足道的： so trifling or trivial as to be beneath one's consideration
A: ♣例  raised a piddling objection to the plan 对计划提出了一个微不足道的反对
A: ♣近  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, measly, minute, paltry, peanut, slight, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, considerable, important, material, momentous, significant 重大的，重要的

Q:piebald  ['paibɔ:ld]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 杂色的： of different colors
A: ♣例  a piebald horse 一匹杂色马
A: ♣近  blotched, dappled, marbled, mottled, splotched, spotted
A: ♣反  monochromatic 单色的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 混合的，杂糅而成的： consisting of many things of different sorts
A: ♣例  his piebald ethnic background 他身为混血儿的背景
A: ♣近  assorted, eclectic, heterogeneous, hybrid, magpie, mixed, motley, promiscuous, varied
A: ♣反  homogeneous 由相同类型事物组成的

Q:pigment  ['piɡmənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 颜料： a substance that imparts black or white or a color to other materials
A: ♣例  natural red pigment 天然红色染料
A: ♣近  colorant, dye, stain
A: ♠考法2  vt. 给…上颜色： to color with or as if with pigment
A: ♣例  pigmented silk 染过色的丝绸
A: ♣近  paint, stain, tincture, tinge, tint
A: ♣反  blanch 漂白；decolorize 脱色

Q:pilfer  ['pilfə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 偷窃： to steal stealthily in small amounts
A: ♣例  pilfer the commercial document 偷窃商业文件
A: ♣近  appropriate, filch, hook, lift, pinch, purloin, steal, thieve

Q:pillar  ['pilə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 柱子： a firm upright support for a superstructure
A: ♣例  stone pillars that supported the hall 支撑大厅的石柱
A: ♣近  column, pier, pilaster
A: ♠考法2  n. （物质、精神等方面的）支柱： something or someone to which one looks for support
A: ♣例  My father has been my pillar throughout this crisis. 整场危机之中我父亲都是我的支柱。
A: ♣近  anchor, buttress, mainstay, reliance, standby

Q:pillory  ['piləri]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 被示众嘲弄： to expose to public contempt, ridicule, or scorn
A: ♣例  The candidate mercilessly pilloried his opponent. 候选人在大众面前无情地羞辱他的对手。‖He resigned after being pilloried by the press. 在遭到媒体嘲弄之后他愤然辞职。
A: ♣近  abase, debase, degrade, denounce, humiliate, ridicule
A: ♣反  carol, eulogize, exalt, extol, laud 赞美

Q:pilot  ['pailət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 领航员，飞行员： one employed to steer a ship
A: ♣例  a jet pilot 喷气式飞机飞行员
A: ♣近  aviator, bellwether, captain, guide, helmsman, leader, navigator
A: ♠考法2  adj. 初步的，试验性的： serving as a tentative model for future experiment or development
A: ♣例  They carried out a pilot study before the larger, more expensive project was started 在更大规模、更为昂贵的项目开始之前，他们进行了初步研究。
A: ♣近  developmental, experimental, model, test, trial
A: ♣反  eventual, final, ultimate 最终的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 带领通过： lead or conduct over a usually difficult course
A: ♣例  The lobbyists piloted the bill through the Senate. 游说集团使法案得到参议院的批准。
A: ♣近  conduct, direct, guide, lead, route, show, steer
A: ♣反  follow 跟随

Q:pine  [pain]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 渴望，奢望： to yearn intensely and persistently especially for something unattainable
A: ♣例  pine for a lost love 渴望那段逝去的爱情
A: ♣近  ache, crave, dream, hunger, itch, long, lust, repine, thirst, yearn
A: ♣反  abhor, detest, loathe 厌恶，反感
A: ♠考法2  vi. 因渴望而憔悴： to lose vigor, health, or flesh (as through grief)
A: ♣例  Separated by their families, the lovers pined away. 这对恋人因为被家人拆散而日益憔悴。
A: ♣近  decline, dwindle, fade, flag, languish, waste

Q:pinnacle  ['pinəkl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 顶峰： the highest point of development or achievement
A: ♣例  a singer who has reached the pinnacle of career 已到达事业巅峰的歌手
A: ♣近  acme, apex, climax, culmination, meridian, peak, summit, top, zenith
A: ♣反  bottom, nadir 最低点

Q:pinpoint  ['pinpɔint]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常精确的： located, fixed, or directed with extreme precision
A: ♣例  The commander demanded the pinpoint location of artillery fire. 指挥官需要火炮攻击的精确位置。
A: ♣近  accurate, close, delicate, exact, fine, hairline, mathematical, precise, refined, rigorous
A: ♣反  coarse, cursory, rough 粗略的；imprecise, inaccurate, inexact 不准确的
A: ♠考法2  v. 精确定位或确认： to locate, fix, determine, or identify with precision
A: ♣例  pinpoint the target by tracking calls from his cellphone 通过跟踪手机信号精确定位了目标‖pinpoint the cause of failure 准确找出失败的原因
A: ♣近  determine, distinguish, locate, identify, recognize, spot
A: ♣反  estimate 估计

Q:pioneer  [,paiə'niə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 扩荒者，先驱者： one of the first to settle in a territory
A: ♣例  the hardships that the pioneers endured while taming the wilderness 在驯服自然的过程中扩荒者所受到的种种磨难‖a pioneer in aviation 航空业的先驱
A: ♣近  colonist, colonizer, homesteader, settler
A: ♣反  follower 跟随者
A: ♠考法2  adj. 最初的，最早的： coming before all others in time or order
A: ♣例  the nation's pioneer institutions for the education of African-Americans 为了非裔美国人的教育而设立的第一批教育机构
A: ♣近  earliest, foremost, headmost, inaugural, initial, leadoff, maiden, original, premier, virgin
A: ♣反  final, last, latest, terminal, terminating, ultimate 最后的，终结的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 开创，创造： to open up (an area) or prepare (a way)
A: ♣例  He single-handedly pioneered the university’s institute for medical research. 他单枪匹马创建了这所大学里的医学研究所。‖rockets that pioneered outer space 开创了外太空纪元的火箭
A: ♣近  begin, constitute, establish, inaugurate, initiate, innovate, institute, introduce, launch, plant, set up
A: ♣反  close, end, shut,terminate, phase out 终止，淘汰
A: ♣派  pioneering adj. 先驱性的，先导性的

Q:pious  ['paiəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （信仰上）虔诚的： marked by or showing reverence for deity and devotion to divine worship
A: ♣例  a pious woman who decided to become a nun 一个决心成为修女的虔诚女子
A: ♣近  devout, godly, religious, sainted, saintly
A: ♣反  antireligious, faithless, godless, impious, irreligious, ungodly, unholy 不虔诚的，无宗教信仰的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 忠诚的： firm in one's allegiance to someone or something
A: ♣例  a pious supporter of his school's athletic teams, during winning and losing seasons alike 学校体育队的忠诚支持者，不论他们是输或赢
A: ♣近  constant, dedicated, devoted, loyal, staunch, steadfast, steady, true
A: ♣反  disloyal, fickle, inconstant, perfidious, recreant, traitorous, treacherous, unfaithful 不忠诚的，善变的

Q:piquant  ['pi:kənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辛辣开胃的： pleasantly pungent or tart in taste
A: ♣例  a piquant sauce 开胃的酱汁
A: ♣近  peppery, poignant, salty, savory, spicy, zesty
A: ♣反  insipid, vapid, zestless 索然无味的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 令人振奋的： appealingly provocative
A: ♣例  a piquant glance 充满挑逗的一瞥
A: ♣近  exciting, pungent, racy, stimulating
A: ♣反  flat, pallid 单调的，无聊的

Q:pique  [pi:k]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使愤怒： to arouse anger or resentment in
A: ♣例  She was greatly piqued when they refused her invitation. 他们拒绝她的邀请让她很生气。
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, exasperate, infuriate, irritate, peeve, provoke, rile, roil, ruffle, vex
A: ♣反  delight, gratify, rejoice 使高兴
A: ♠考法2  vt. 激起，刺激： to excite or arouse especially by a provocation, challenge, or rebuff
A: ♣例  radical remarks that pique their curiosity 引起他们兴趣的激进评论
A: ♣近  arouse, encourage, excite, fire, impassion, incite, instigate, move, stimulate, stir
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 平息，缓和

Q:pirate  ['paiərit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 盗版，盗用： to take or make use of under a guise of authority but without actual right
A: ♣例  a pirated version of the software 盗版软件
A: ♣近  arrogate, commandeer, convert, expropriate, preempt, press, seize, usurp
A: ♠考法2  n. 海盗： a robber on the high seas
A: ♣例  little boys dreaming of sailing as pirates 梦想成为海盗的小男孩
A: ♣近  corsair, freebooter, rover

Q:pitfall  ['pitfɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. 陷阱： a pit flimsily covered or camouflaged and used to capture and hold animals or men
A: ♣例  caught in a pitfall 掉下了陷阱‖Renting a house can be full of pitfalls for the unwary. 对于那些不注意的人来说租房也是危机四伏的。
A: ♣近  catch, gimmick, gotcha, hitch, joker, snag, snare, trap
A: ♠考法2  n. （不易察觉的）危害： a hidden or not easily recognized danger or difficulty
A: ♣例  One of the pitfalls of ignorance is that people will also assume you are stupid. 无知的一个危害就是，人们总会假设你一无所知。
A: ♣近  hazard, imminence, menace, peril, risk, threat, trouble

Q:pithy  ['piθi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精练的，简洁的： precisely meaningful; forceful and brief
A: ♣例  The professor gave a pithy introduction to this course. 教授就这门课程做了简短的介绍。
A: ♣近  apothegmatic, brief, capsule, compact, compendious, concise, laconic, succinct, telegraphic, terse
A: ♣反  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, rambling, prolix, verbose, windy, wordy 冗长累赘的
A: ♣派  pithiness n. 简洁，犀利

Q:pitiless  ['pitilis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没有同情心的： devoid of or unmoved by pity
A: ♣例  a pitiless humiliation 毫不留情的羞辱
A: ♣近  affectless, callous, coldhearted, cruel, harsh, indurate, merciless
A: ♣反  charitable, clement, compassionate, humane, merciful, sympathetic, tender 有同情心的，仁慈的

Q:pittance  ['pitəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 少量津贴：a small portion, amount, or allowance
A: ♣例  The internship offers only a pittance for a salary, but it is a great opportunity to gain experience. 实习所能挣到的报酬是很少的，但是它提供了获得经验的绝佳机会。
A: ♣近  bit, mite, modicum, peanuts, trace
A: ♣反  cornucopia, opulence 富饶；boodle, bundle, fortune 大笔财富

Q:pivotal  ['pivətl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 最关键的，最为重要的： of the greatest possible importance
A: ♣例  The report was missing a pivotal piece of information. 报告遗漏了最为重要的信息。
A: ♣近  critical, crucial, decisive, key, vital
A: ♣反  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, marginal, minor, minute, negligible, nugatory, slight, trifling, trivial 不重要的

Q:placate  [plə'keit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （通过让步以）平息抚慰： to lessen the anger or agitation of
A: ♣例  The colonists implemented a new policy to placate local opposition 殖民者采取新政策以缓和当地的反抗情绪。
A: ♣近  appease, assuage, conciliate, mollify, pacify, propitiate, tranquilize
A: ♣反  anger, enrage, foment, gall, incense, inflame, infuriate, peeve, rile 激怒，使气恼
A: ♣派  placation n. 安抚

Q:placebo  [plə'si:bəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 安慰性的事物： something of no intrinsic remedial value that is used to appease or reassure another
A: ♣例  Candies are often adopted as the placebo for the dying patients. 糖果通常作为安慰剂给重症患者服用。

Q:placid  ['plæsid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 宁静的，风平浪静的： free from storms or physical disturbance
A: ♣例  a vacation in the placid lake community 在宁静的湖区度过的假日
A: ♣近  calm, halcyon, hushed, peaceful, quiet, serene, still, stilly, tranquil, untroubled
A: ♣反  boisterous, clamorous, noisy, raucous, roistering, rowdy, tumultuous, uproarious 喧闹的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 冷静的，淡定的： free from emotional or mental agitation
A: ♣例  I know an exceptionally placid mother who was rarely upset by her six children 我认识一个异常淡定的母亲，她几乎从未因为自己的六个孩子而烦恼过。
A: ♣近  collected, composed, coolheaded, level, limpid, possessed, recollected, sedate, undisturbed, unperturbed
A: ♣反  agitated, discomposed, disturbed, flustered, perturbed, upset 不安的，焦虑的
A: ♣派  placidity n.宁静，安宁

Q:plagiarize  ['pleidʒjəraiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 剽窃，抄袭：to steal and pass off (the ideas or words of another) as one's own
A: ♣例  In scientific community, plagiarizing other’s paper is a felony. 在学术界，剽窃他人的论文是一项重罪。
A: ♣近  steal
A: ♣派  plagiarism n. 剽窃

Q:plangent  ['plændʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 轰鸣的： having a loud reverberating sound
A: ♣例  The camera man was stunned by the plangent roar of wild animals. 摄影师被野生动物发出的怒号吓得不知所措。
A: ♣近  blaring, blasting, clamorous, deafening, earsplitting, resonant, resounding, sonorous, thunderous, vibrant
A: ♣反  muffled, muted 声音被减弱的；gentle, low, soft 声音轻柔的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 凄凉的，哀伤的： having an expressive and especially plaintive quality
A: ♣例  a plangent song about a long-ago love 一首关于往日爱情的凄凉歌曲
A: ♣近  doleful, dolorous, funeral, grieving, lamentable, lugubrious, plaintive, rueful, sorrowful, woeful
A: ♣反  agreeable, cheerful, delightful, enjoyable, jolly, pleasing 令人愉快的

Q:plastic  ['plæstik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可塑的： susceptible of being modified in form or nature
A: ♣例  the plastic quality of modeling clay 模型泥的可塑性质
A: ♣近  adaptable, ductile, flexible, malleable, pliable, pliant, resilient, supple
A: ♣反  inflexible, rigid, stiff 僵硬的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 虚假的，做作的： lacking in natural or spontaneous quality
A: ♣例  There's usually a plastic cordiality at these corporate events. 通常在公司的活动上都有一种虚假的热情和友好。
A: ♣近  affected, assumed, bogus, factitious, fake, false, feigned, mock, phony, pretended, pseudo, spurious
A: ♣反  artless, genuine, natural, spontaneous, unaffected, uncontrived, unfeigned 真诚的
A: ♣派  plasticity n. 可塑性

Q:plateau  ['plætəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 高原： a usually extensive level land area raised sharply above adjacent land on at least one side
A: ♣例  Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau 青藏高原
A: ♣近  highland, mesa, tableland, upland
A: ♣反  lowland 低谷；basin 盆地
A: ♠考法2  n. 稳定时期，平台期： a relatively stable level, period, or state
A: ♣例  reached a plateau of development 达到了发展的稳定期
A: ♣近  equilibrium, stage, stasis

Q:platitude  ['plætitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 陈词滥调： a trite or banal remark or statement, especially one expressed as if it were original or significant
A: ♣例  the platitude of most political oratory 政治说辞里的陈词滥调
A: ♣近  banality, bromide, cliché, commonplace, homily, shibboleth, truism
A: ♠考法2  n. 缺乏原创性： lack of originality
A: ♣近  triteness, staleness
A: ♣反  novelty 新颖性；originality 原创新

Q:plausible  ['plɔ:zəble]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 看似有理的： superficially fair, reasonable, or valuable but often specious
A: ♣例  a plausible argument 看起来头头是道的说理
A: ♣近  believable, credible, likely, possible, presumable, probable 可信的
A: ♣反  paradoxical 看似矛盾的；implausible, improbable, incredible, unbelievable, unlikely 不太可能的
A: ♣派  plausibility n. 看似有理

Q:playful  ['pleiful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 爱开玩笑的，好打闹的： given to good-natured joking or teasing
A: ♣例  The little girl was lighthearted and playful. 小女孩性格很轻松愉快，喜欢和别人打闹。
A: ♣近  antic, coltish, elfish, fay, frisky, frolicsome, larky, rollicking, sportive
A: ♣反  earnest, grave, serious, sober, solemn, somber 严肃的

Q:pleat  [pli:t]
A: ♠考法1  n./vt. 打褶： fold
A: ♣近  corrugate, crease, furrow, ruffle, wrinkle
A: ♣反  flatten, smooth 抹平

Q:plebeian  [pli'bi:jən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平民的，社会下层的： belonging to the class of people of low social or economic rank
A: ♣例  a man who rose to greatness but never forgot his plebeian past 一个仕途通达，但从未忘却自己平民出身的人
A: ♣近  baseborn, common, humble, inferior, lowborn, lumpen, mean, prole, proletarian, unwashed, vulgar
A: ♣反  aristocratic, genteel, gentle, highborn, highbred, lofty, noble, partrician, wellborn 上流社会的

Q:plenitude  ['plenitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 丰富，充沛： an amount or supply more than sufficient to meet one's needs
A: ♣例  a region blessed with a plenitude of natural resources 充满着上帝赐予的丰富资源的地区
A: ♣近  abundance, cornucopia, feast, plentitude, plethora, wealth
A: ♣反  deficiency, inadequacy, insufficiency, undersupply 匮乏，不足
A: ♠考法2  n. 大量： a considerable amount
A: ♣例  She has gathered a plenitude of information on the topic. 有关这个话题她收集了大量的资料。
A: ♣近  bunch, bundle, dozen, multiplicity, myriad, plateful, plenty, profusion, reams, scads, spate, stack, volume
A: ♣反  ace, bit, glimmer, handful, hint, mite, nip, ounce, pittance, speck, spot, trace 少量

Q:plentitude  ['plentitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大量： an ample amount or quantity; an abundance
A: ♣例  a plentitude of lumber for the current housing market 充足的家具木材供给
A: ♣近  abundance, affluence, cornucopia, myriad, plenty, profusion, stack, wealth
A: ♣反  dearth, deficiency, inadequacy, insufficiency 缺乏，匮乏；mite, peanuts, pinch, pittance, trace 少量

Q:plethora  ['pleθərə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 过量，过剩： excess, superfluity
A: ♣例  a plethora of advice and a paucity of assistance 给出大量建议而鲜有实质性援助
A: ♣近  abundance, cornucopia, feast, overabundance, overflow, plentitude, profusion, surfeit, surplus
A: ♣反  dearth, inadequacy, insufficiency, paucity, scarcity, undersupply 缺乏
A: ♣派  plethoric adj. 过量的

Q:pliable  ['plaiəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易弯曲的，柔软的： supple enough to bend freely or repeatedly without breaking
A: ♣例  pliable optical fiber 柔软的光纤
A: ♣近  adaptable, ductile, flexible, limber, plastic, supple
A: ♣反  inflexible, rigid, stiff 不易弯曲的；unbending 难弯曲的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 易受影响的，温顺的： easily influenced, persuaded, or swayed
A: ♣例  He took advantage of the pliable mind of youth. 他利用了年轻人容易受他人教唆的特点。
A: ♣近  compliant, docile, obedient, pliant, tractable, subdued
A: ♣反  contumacious, insubordinate, intractable, obstreperous, recalcitrant, refractory, unruly 难控制的

Q:pliant  ['plaiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易弯曲的： easily bent or flexed
A: ♣例  a pliant young tree 易弯曲的小树
A: ♣近  adaptable, ductile, flexible, limber, plastic, supple
A: ♣反  inflexible, rigid, stiff 不易弯曲的；unbending 难弯曲的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 顺从的： yielding readily to influence or domination
A: ♣例  She’s proud and stubborn, you know, under that pliant exterior. 你知道在温顺的外表下，她骄傲而固执。
A: ♣近  compliant, docile, obedient, pliant, tractable, subdued
A: ♣反  contumacious, insubordinate, intractable, obstreperous, recalcitrant, refractory, unruly 难控制的

Q:plight  [plait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 困境： a situation, especially a bad or unfortunate one
A: ♣例  He was in a plight, trying to decide whether or not to take the job. 他处在不知道是否应该接受这份工作的困境之中。
A: ♣近  dilemma, jam, predicament, quandary

Q:plod  [plɔd]
A: ♠考法1  v. 沉重缓慢地走： to walk heavily or slowly
A: ♣例  The soldiers slowly plodded across the marsh. 士兵们慢慢走过沼泽地。
A: ♣近  tramp, trudge
A: ♣反  flit 迅速飞过；gambol 雀跃
A: ♣派  plodding adj. 走路沉重缓慢的

Q:plodder  ['plɔdə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 行走缓慢的人： someone who moves slowly or more slowly than others
A: ♣例  The guide halted the tour group so that the plodders who had fallen behind could catch up. 导游让队伍停下来，以便那些落在后头的行动缓慢的人可以跟上。
A: ♣近  crawler, dallier, dawdler, dragger, laggard, lagger, lingerer, loiterer, snail, straggler
A: ♣反  speedster 速度快的人

Q:pluck  [plʌk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 敢于面对困难的勇气： resourceful courage and daring in the face of difficulties
A: ♣例  full of pluck 充满了勇气
A: ♣近  backbone, courage, dauntlessness, grit, guts, resolution, spirit, spunk
A: ♣反  cowardice, coward, spinelessness 胆小，怯懦
A: ♠考法2  v. 弹奏（弦乐）： to sound (the strings of an instrument) by pulling and releasing them with the fingers or a plectrum
A: ♣例  pluck the harp 弹奏竖琴
A: ♣近  play
A: ♣派  plucky adj. 勇敢的

Q:plumb  [plʌm]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 测深度： to measure the depth of (as a body of water) typically with a weighted line
A: ♣例  We will plumb the bay to make sure it was deep enough for the huge vessel. 为了确证水深足够容纳这艘巨轮，我们将会测量海湾的深度。‖questions that plumb the depths of stupidity 测量智商下限的问题
A: ♣近  fathom
A: ♠考法2  adj. 垂直的： exactly vertical
A: ♣近  perpendicular, upright, vertical
A: ♣反  horizontal 水平的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 完全的，绝对的： having no exceptions or restrictions
A: ♣派  Such a movie is plumb trash and further evidence of the deterioration of popular culture. 这样的电影就是彻头彻尾的垃圾，它进一步证明了大众文化的堕落和腐化。
A: ♣近  absolute, categorical, complete, consummate, definite, pure, sheer, thorough, utter, very
A: ♣反  doubtful, dubious, equivocal, questionable, uncertain 不确定的；qualified 有条件的
A: ♠考法4  v. 仔细深入地检查： to examine closely or deeply
A: ♣例  plumbing the book's complexities 审阅这本书的复杂度
A: ♣近  explore, delve, inquire, investigate, probe

Q:plummet  ['plʌmit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 突然下降： to decline suddenly and steeply
A: ♣例  Overall GPA plummeted 0.5 points. 平均学分绩骤降0.5。
A: ♣近  crash, decline, descend, dip, dive, fall, plunge, sink, tumble
A: ♣反  skyrocket, soar 飙升

Q:plump  [plʌmp]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 丰满的： well-rounded and full in form
A: ♣例  In Tang Dynasty, being plump was a sign of ultimate beauty. 在唐代，身材丰满是最美丽的象征。
A: ♣近  chubby, fleshy, fat, gross, obese, rotund, round
A: ♣反  lean, slender, svelte, thin 纤瘦的，苗条的；angular 因消瘦而棱角分明的
A: ♠考法2  vi. 鼎力支持，赞口不绝： to give full support or praise
A: ♣例  We will plump for any candidate who supports stem cell research. 我们会鼎力支持那些拥护干细胞研究的候选人。
A: ♣近  advocate, back, champion, endorse, patronize
A: ♣反  baffle, foil, frustrate, sabotage 阻挠，从中破坏

Q:plunge  [plʌndʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 突然下降： to descend or dip suddenly
A: ♣例  stock’s value plunged 股票价值骤然下降
A: ♣近  crash, decline, descend, dip, dive, fall, plummet, plunge, sink, tumble
A: ♣反  skyrocket, soar 飙升
A: ♠考法2  vt. 插入，刺入： to cause to penetrate or enter quickly and forcibly into something
A: ♣例  plunged the dagger into his chest 把匕首刺入他的胸膛
A: ♣近  drive, stab, stick, thrust
A: ♣反  extract 拔出

Q:plush  [plʌʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （味道等）浓郁的： having an abundance of some characteristic quality (as flavor)
A: ♣例  a plush, ripe wine 味道浓郁的陈年老窖
A: ♣近  concentrated, full, heady, lusty, muscular, potent, rich, robust, strong
A: ♣反  delicate, light, mild, thin, weak （味道等）淡的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 奢华的，豪华的： notably luxurious
A: ♣例  a plush castle filled with priceless art and antiques 一座充满了无价艺术品和古董的奢华城堡
A: ♣近  deluxe, lavish, luxuriant, luxurious, opulent, palatial, silken, sumptuous
A: ♣反  ascetic, austere, humble, spartan 朴素的，平凡的

Q:poach  [pəutʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 水煮： to cook in a liquid heated to the point that it gives off steam
A: ♣例  He poached an egg for breakfast. 他煮了一个荷包蛋做早饭。
A: ♣近  coddle, parboil, simmer, stew

Q:pointer  ['pɔintə]
A: ♠考法1  n. （仪表上的）指针： a scale indicator on a watch, balance, or other measuring instrument
A: ♣例  The pointer on my bathroom scale must be stuck - I know I lost weight. 浴室磅秤里的指针肯定坏了——我知道我体重有下降的。
A: ♣近  hand, index, indicator, needle
A: ♠考法2  n. 忠告，建议： a useful suggestion or hintusually from an expert
A: ♣例  Here are a few pointers to help you make a choice. 这里有一些能帮助你抉择的建议。
A: ♣近  advice, hint, lead, recommendation, tip

Q:polarize  ['pəuləraiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使分开对立，两极分化： to break up into opposing factions or groupings
A: ♣例  The controversy has polarized voters into pro-abortion and anti-abortion groups. 这个问题使得选民分化成支持堕胎和反对堕胎两个群体。
A: ♣近  bifurcate, diverge, divide
A: ♣反  coalesce, unite 合并，联合
A: ♣派  polarization n. 两极分化；极化

Q:polemic  [pɔ'lemik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 争执： a controversial argument
A: ♣例  The polemic between science and religion has never ceased. 科学和宗教之间的争论从未停息。
A: ♣近  contention, controversy, disagreement, disputation
A: ♣反  agreement 一致，协议
A: ♣派  polemical adj. 好争论的

Q:polished  ['pɔliʃt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有教养的： showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience
A: ♣例  He maintained a very polished tone in his correspondences. 他在通信中保持着一种极有教养的口吻。
A: ♣近  cultivated, cultured, genteel, refined, urbane
A: ♣反  gauche, rustic, philistine 粗俗的；uncivilized, untutored 未开化的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 擦亮的： having a shiny surface or finish
A: ♣例  She could see her face reflected in the polished hood of the car. 她可以通过引擎盖光亮的表面看到自己的脸。
A: ♣近  buffed, burnished, glistening, lustrous, rubbed, satiny, sleek
A: ♣反  dim, dull, flat, lusterless 黯淡无光的
A: ♣派  polish v. 擦亮

Q:politic  ['pɔlitik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精明能干的： characterized by shrewdness in managing, contriving, or dealing
A: ♣例  a politic secretary 能干的秘书
A: ♣近  diplomatic, judicious, perspicacious, sagacious, tactful, wise
A: ♣反  tactless, unsophisticated 缺乏谋略的，头脑简单的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 合时宜的，明智的： suitable for bringing about a desired result under the circumstances
A: ♣例  It probably would not be politic to tell your boss that his latest idea is the worst thing you've ever heard. 不要现在去告诉你老板说他的想法是你听过的最糟的，这不是一个合时宜的做法。
A: ♣近  advisable, desirable, prudent, tactical
A: ♣反  imprudent, inadvisable, injudicious, unwise 不明智的，不合时宜的

Q:pompous  ['pɔmpəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 浮夸的： excessively elevated or ornate
A: ♣例  The candidate was given to windy rhetorical speeches. 听众们听了一场冗长而浮夸的演讲。
A: ♣近  affected, bombastic, flowery, grandiloquent, magniloquent, rhetorical, sonorous
A: ♣反  homely 朴素的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 傲慢的： having or exhibiting self-importance
A: ♣例  a pompous politician who insisted on boarding the plane first 一个坚持要求优先登机的傲慢政客
A: ♣近  arrogant, egocentric, haughty, pontifical, presumptuous, supercilious
A: ♣反  humble, modest, unpretentious 谦逊的

Q:ponderable  ['pɔndərəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有价值的，值得考虑的： considerable enough to be weighed or assessed
A: ♣例  Climate change has exerted a ponderable influence on world politics. 气候变化对世界政局有着不容忽视的影响。
A: ♣近  appreciable, perceptible, sensible
A: ♣反  inappreciable 微不足道的

Q:ponderous  ['pɔndərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 沉重的： of very great weight
A: ♣例  a ponderous machine 沉重的机器
A: ♣近  cumbersome, heavy, hefty, massive, onerous, weighty
A: ♣反  ethereal, gossamer, light, weightless 轻飘飘的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 沉闷无聊的： oppressively or unpleasantly dull
A: ♣例  a ponderous sermon no one really cares 实际上无人关心的沉闷无聊的布道
A: ♣近  dreary, dull, flat, elephantine, monotonous, insipid, vapid
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 极吸引人的

Q:pontificate  [pɔn'tifikit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 傲慢地做或说：to speak or express opinions in a pompous or dogmatic way
A: ♣例  pontificate to show a sense of superiority 傲慢地说以显示高人一等的优越感
A: ♣反  condescend 屈尊，俯就
A: ♣派  pontification n. 傲慢的言行；pontifical adj. 傲慢的

Q:pore  [pɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 仔细浏览，仔细研究： to read or study attentively(usually used with over)
A: ♣例  The committee will probably pore over the results of the study for a long time before making their decision. 在正式做决定之前，委员会或需要花很长的时间来仔细研究调查结果。
A: ♣近  cogitate, consider, contemplate, deliberate, meditate, perpend, ruminate, study, weigh, chew over
A: ♣反  flip, glance, leaf, riffle, skim 粗略地看，迅速浏览

Q:porous  ['pɔ:rəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多孔可渗透的： admitting the passage of gas or liquid through pores or interstices
A: ♣例  Lava rock has a porous structure which makes the material lightweight and highly moisture-retentive. 火山岩的多孔结构使得它密度很小，同时有很高的吸湿性。
A: ♣近  passable, penetrable, permeable, pervious
A: ♣反  impassable, impenetrable, impermeable, impervious 无法穿透的
A: ♣派  porosity n. 多孔性

Q:portentous  [pɔ:'tentəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 预兆性的，凶兆的： being or showing a sign of evil or calamity to come
A: ♣例  an eerie and portentous stillness 阴森神秘，充满凶兆的寂静
A: ♣近  baleful, direful, doomy, foreboding, inauspicious, menacing, minatory, ominous, sinister, ill-omened
A: ♣反  auspicious, propitious 吉兆的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 勾起兴趣的，令人遐想的：eliciting amazement or wonder
A: ♣例  The way in which he could bring together opposing forces was truly portentous. 他整合两股对抗势力的方法着实令人好奇
A: ♣近  amazing, astonishing, astounding, fabulous, marvelous, miraculous, prodigious, wonderful
A: ♣反  common, commonplace, ordinary 普通的

Q:poseur  [pəu'zə:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 故作姿态、不真诚的人：an affected or insincere person
A: ♣例  She is such a poseur and you will never know if she is really crying or pretending. 她就是个爱装的人，你从不知道她是真的在哭还是只是假装而已。
A: ♣近  grandstander, poser

Q:posit  ['pɔzit]
A: ♠考法1  vt.假定，断定：to assume or affirm the existence of
A: ♣例  The committee posited that he was qualified for the election. 委员会假定他是够格参加选举的。
A: ♣近  assume, postulate, presuppose, premise, presume
A: ♣反  falsify 证明为假

Q:postulate  ['pɔstjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 前提条件： something taken as being true or factual and used as a starting point for a course of action or reasoning
A: ♣例  One of the postulates that the true agnostic rejects is the assumption that it is even possible for us to know whether God exists. 我们无法知道上帝是否存在——这是一个真正的不可知论者所反对的假设。
A: ♣近  premise, presumption, presupposition, supposition
A: ♣反  conclusion 结论
A: ♠考法2  v. 假定为真： to assume or claim as true, existent, or necessary
A: ♣例  postulate a causal relationship 假定存在因果关系
A: ♣近  assume, conjecture, hypothesize, posit, presuppose, premise, presume, suppose
A: ♣反  belie, disprove, falsify 证明为假
A: ♣派  postulation n. 推测

Q:posture  ['pɔstʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 姿势，姿态： a general way of holding the body
A: ♣例  A good upright posture will prevent backaches. 良好的站姿可以预防背痛。
A: ♣近  attitude, carriage, poise, stance, station
A: ♠考法2  vi. 故作姿态，装模作样： to assume an artificial or pretended attitude
A: ♣例  postured to impress 故作姿态以给别人留下印象
A: ♣近  attitudinize, feign, grandstand, masquerade, pose, pretend
A: ♣派  posturer n. 故作姿态之人

Q:potable  ['pəutəbl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 饮品，尤指有酒精饮料： a beverage, especially an alcoholic beverage
A: ♣例  Potables are offered at bar counter for free. 饮料可以在吧台免费领取。
A: ♣近  beverage, drink, juice, liquor, spirits
A: ♣反  non-intoxicant, soft drink 软饮料
A: ♠考法2  adj. 适于饮用的： suitable for drinking
A: ♣例  Price of the potable water has soared. 饮用水价格飙升。
A: ♣近  drinkable, edible
A: ♣反  undrinkable 不能饮用的

Q:potentate  ['pəutənteit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 有权的人： one who has the power and position to rule over others
A: ♣例  a son of a potentate 官二代
A: ♣近  authority, autocrat, monarch, ruler, sovereign
A: ♣反  figurehead （有名无权的）傀儡

Q:potentiate  [pəu'tenʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激活，加强： to make effective or active, or more effective or more active
A: ♣例  additives to potentiate the drug 增强药效的添加剂
A: ♣近  activate, energize, enhance, intensify, stir, wake, vitalize
A: ♣反  deactivate 使无效；abate, attenuate, dwindle, lessen, moderate, reduce 减弱，削弱

Q:pout  [paut]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （特别是撅嘴）表示不悦： to show displeasure, especially by thrusting out the lips or wearing a sullen expression
A: ♣例  She pouted and didn't say a word to anyone all morning. 她整个早上都闷闷不乐，没和别人说一句话。
A: ♣近  grump, mope, sulk
A: ♣反  grin 露齿而笑

Q:practitioner  [præk'tiʃənə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 职业人士： one who practices a profession
A: ♣例  medical practitioner 医护人员，行医者
A: ♣近  expert, expounder, guru, professional, specialist, virtuoso
A: ♣反  fledgling 无经验的人；quack 冒充内行的人

Q:pragmatic  [præɡ'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 实用主义的，务实的： a practical approach to problems and affairs
A: ♣例  Pragmatic men of power have had no time or inclination to deal withsocial morality.(K. B. Clark) 务实的当权者不会有时间或者意向去处理社会道德的问题。——K. B. 克拉克‖a pragmatic man, not given to grand, visionary schemes 一个不迷恋花哨空想的计划，而更注重实际的人
A: ♣近  down-to-earth, earthy, hardheaded, matter-of-fact, practical
A: ♣反  fanciful, idealistic, impractical, unrealistic, utopian, visionary 幻想的，不务实的
A: ♣派  pragmatism n. 实用主义，务实主义

Q:prairie  ['prεəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大草原： an extensive area of flat or rolling, predominantly treeless grassland
A: ♣例  Canadian Prairie 加拿大大草原地区
A: ♣近  grassland, meadow, plain, savanna

Q:prate  [preit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 闲聊，空谈： to talk long and idly
A: ♣例  They have been prating on the phone for hours. 他们已经煲了几个小时的电话粥了。
A: ♣近  babble, chat, chatter, converse, gabble, jabber, prattle, twitter
A: ♣派  prater n. 闲聊的人

Q:preach  [pri:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 传道，布道： to deliver a sermon
A: ♣例  a minister who loves to preach 一个爱布道的牧师
A: ♣近  discourse, sermonize
A: ♣派  preacher n. 布道者

Q:precarious  [pri'kεəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 危险不稳定的： dangerously lacking in security or stability
A: ♣例  a precarious livelihood 不稳定的生计
A: ♣近  delicate, fragile, sensitive, touchy, unstable
A: ♣反  firm, stable 稳定的；safe, secure 安全的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 可疑的，不明确的： dependent on uncertain premises
A: ♣例  His entire argument relies on a precarious assumption. 他的整篇论证都建立在一个可疑的假设之上。
A: ♣近  ambiguous, doubtful, dubious, equivocal, uncertain, unfounded
A: ♣反  indubitable, unambiguous, unequivocal, unquestionable 明确的，毋庸置疑的

Q:precedent  [pri'si:dənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 先例，前例： an earlier occurrence of something similar
A: ♣例  There has not been any precedent so far. 到目前为止还没有先例。‖a landmark decision that set a legal precedent 在法律上首开先河的重大决议
A: ♣近  example, instance, model, paradigm, pattern, standard
A: ♠考法2  adj. 先前的： prior in time, order, arrangement, or significance
A: ♣例  Her violent behaviors may be explained by some precedent events in her troubled life. 她的暴力行径或许可以由她之前苦难生活中遭遇到的一些事件来解释。
A: ♣近  antecedent, anterior, former, preceding, previous, prior
A: ♣反  ensuing 继而发生的
A: ♣派  unprecedented adj. 前所未见的

Q:precipice  ['presipis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 悬崖峭壁： a very steep or overhanging place
A: ♣例  a precipice too steep to climb 过于陡峭而无法攀爬的悬崖
A: ♣近  bluff, cliff, crag, escarpment, palisade
A: ♣反  ridge 山脊
A: ♣派  precipitous adj. 陡峭的

Q:precipitate  [pri'sipitit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 匆忙的： acting or done with excessive or careless speed
A: ♣例  the army's precipitate withdrawal from the field of battle 匆忙将军队从战场上撤下
A: ♣近  cursory, flying, headlong, hurried, overhasty, precipitous, rash, rushed
A: ♣反  deliberate 慎重考虑的；leisurely, unhurried, unrushed 从容不迫的，不慌不忙的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 促使，导致： to cause to happen, especially suddenly or prematurely
A: ♣例  to precipitate an international crisis 产生国际危机
A: ♣近  accelerate, escalate, expedite, hasten, impel, speed, trigger
A: ♣反  check, encumber, enfetter, hamper, handicap, hinder, manacle, obstruct, retard, trammel 阻碍
A: ♣派  precipitation n. 急促；沉淀；降水

Q:precipitation  [pri,sipi'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 沉积物，尤指降水： something precipitated as a deposit on the earth of hail, mist, rain, sleet, or snow
A: ♣例  The storm brought several inches of precipitation. 风暴带来的降水量高达数英尺。
A: ♣近  deposit, sediment
A: ♠考法2  n. 仓促： excited and often showy or disorderly speed
A: ♣例  I fear that I may have acted with some precipitation on this matter, so I would like to reconsider. 我害怕自己在这个事情上考虑得太仓促了，因此我想再想想。
A: ♣近  haste, hastiness, hustle, precipitousness, rush
A: ♣反  deliberation 深思熟虑

Q:precipitous  [pri'sipitəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 非常陡峭的：very steep, perpendicular, or overhanging in rise or fall
A: ♣例  a precipitous gorge 险峻的峡谷
A: ♣近  abrupt, arduous, precipitate, sheer, steep
A: ♣反  flat, level 平坦的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 匆忙的： acting or done with excessive or careless speed
A: ♣例  They soon regretted their precipitous actions in international affairs 他们很快就为他们在国际事务中的匆忙举动感到后悔。
A: ♣近  cursory, flying, headlong, hurried, overhasty, precipitate, rash, rushed
A: ♣反  deliberate 慎重考虑的；leisurely, unhurried, unrushed 从容不迫的，不慌不忙的

Q:preclude  [pri'klu:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 预先阻止： to make impossible, as by action taken in advance
A: ♣例  Age alone will not preclude him from standing as a candidate. 年龄并没有阻止他成为候选人。
A: ♣近  avert, deter, forestall, obviate, prevent, stave off
A: ♠考法2  vt. 排斥 ：to exclude or prevent (someone) from a given condition or activity
A: ♣例  He refused to preclude the subject from discussion . 他拒绝将这个话题排出讨论范围。
A: ♣近  bar, exclude, except
A: ♣反  enclose 圈入
A: ♣派  preclusive adj. 预先阻止的

Q:precursor  [pri:'kə:sə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 先驱者，先导： one that precedes and indicates the approach of another
A: ♣例  18th-century lyric poets like Robert Burns were precursors of the Romantics. 十八世纪的抒情诗人（如罗伯特?彭斯）是浪漫主义的先驱。
A: ♣近  foregoer, forerunner, harbinger, herald, outrider
A: ♣反  sequela, successor 后继者；descendant 后代
A: ♣派  precursory adj. 先驱性的，开创性的

Q:predecessor  ['pri:disesə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 前任，先辈： a person who has previously occupied a position or office to which another has succeeded
A: ♣例  a political legacy left by his predecessor 他的前任留下来的政治遗产
A: ♣近  ancestor, antecedent, foregoer, forerunner, precursor
A: ♣反  successor 继任者；descendant 后代

Q:predestine  [pri:'destin]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 预先注定： to determine the fate of in advance
A: ♣例  Our victory in the tournament was seemingly predestined. 我们在锦标赛中的胜利似乎是注定好了的
A: ♣近  doom, fate, foredoom, foreordain, ordain, predestine, predetermine, preordain
A: ♣派  predestination n. 命中注定

Q:predilection  [,pri:di'lekʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 爱好，偏袒：a partiality or disposition in favor of something
A: ♣例  a predilection for travel 热爱旅行
A: ♣近  affection, affinity, bias, disposition, inclination, leaning, penchant, predisposition, propensity, tendency
A: ♣反  aversion, loathing, nausea, repugnance, repulsion, revulsion 反感

Q:preeminent  [pri'eminənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 优秀的，重要的：having paramount rank, dignity, or importance
A: ♣例  The writer's style is brilliant and his command of words, preeminent. 作者的文风和用词都十分出色
A: ♣近  distinguished, illustrious, incomparable, notable, outstanding, peerless, superb, supreme, unmatchable
A: ♣反  negligible, trivial 不重要的
A: ♣派  preeminence n. 杰出

Q:preempt  [pri'empt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 预先占有： to appropriate, seize, or take for oneself before others
A: ♣例  The naughty children had preempted front-row seats that were reserved for the guests of honor. 调皮的孩子们把前排留给贵客的座位占了。
A: ♣近  appropriate, arrogate, commandeer, convert, expropriate, preempt, press, seize, usurp
A: ♠考法2  v. 替换：to replace with something considered to be of greater value or priority: take precedence over
A: ♣例  The special newscast preempted the usual television program. 特别新闻取代了常规节目。
A: ♣近  displace, replace, supersede, supplant
A: ♣派  preemptive adj. 先发制人的

Q:preen  [pri:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 整理（羽毛）：to smooth or clean (feathers) with the beak or bill
A: ♣近  plume
A: ♣反  rumple 弄皱
A: ♠考法2  vt. 打扮修饰： to dress or groom (oneself) with elaborate care
A: ♣例  She always preen herself in an elaborate suit before going to the opera. 她去听歌剧之前总要精心打扮一番，穿上最豪华的服装。
A: ♣近  groom, plume, primp
A: ♠考法3  vt. 自满： to take pride or satisfaction in (oneself)
A: ♣例  He always preen himself on his ancestry. 他总是因为他的血统而洋洋得意
A: ♣近  gloat, plume, pride
A: ♣反  efface 表现出谦卑

Q:preface  ['prefis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 序言：a preliminary statement or essay introducing a book that explains its scope, intention, or background and is usually written by the author
A: ♣例  An informal brunch served as a preface to the three-day conference. 一顿非正式的便餐作为为期三天的会议的序曲。
A: ♣近  exordium, foreword, introduction, overture, preamble, prelude, prologue
A: ♣反  epilogue 尾声
A: ♣派  prefatory adj. 序言的

Q:pregnant  ['preɡnənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 重要的，意味深长的： weighty or significant; full of meaning
A: ♣例  the pregnant phrases of the Bible 《圣经》中充满哲理的话语
A: ♣近  eloquent, meaningful, momentous, profound, revelatory, significant, suggestive
A: ♣反  inane 空洞的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 怀孕的：containing a developing embryo, fetus, or unborn offspring within the body
A: ♣例  Being pregnant represents great news, but it comes with a lot of responsibilities. 怀孕是件大好事，但是它也带来了许多的责任。
A: ♣近  enceinte, expectant, expecting, gravid
A: ♣派  pregnancy n. 怀孕

Q:premeditate  [pri'mediteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 预谋： to think about and revolve in the mind beforehand
A: ♣例  carefully premeditating each step of his plan of campaign 仔细地计划着竞选计划中的每一个步骤
A: ♣近  forethink, precogitate, predetermine
A: ♣反  disregard, ignore, overlook, slight 忽略
A: ♣派  premeditated adj. 有预谋的

Q:preoccupation  [pri:,ɔkju'peiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 非常关心，全神贯注： extreme or excessive concern with something
A: ♣例  He kept sinking back into gloomy preoccupation. 他陷入了深深的忧虑之中。
A: ♣近  absorption, engagement, engrossment, immersion
A: ♣反  apathy, indifference, nonchalance, unconcern 漠不关心
A: ♣派  preoccupied adj. 全神贯注的

Q:preponderant  [pri'pɔndərənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 占优势的，更重要的： having superior weight, force, importance, or influence
A: ♣例  a preponderant misconception 一个影响甚广的错误概念
A: ♣近  dominant, paramount, predominant, prevalent, overruling
A: ♣反  secondary, subsidiary 次要的
A: ♣派  preponderance n. 优势地位

Q:prepossessing  [,pri:pə'zesiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 给人好感的：serving to impress favorably
A: ♣例  He was fascinated by her prepossessing appearance at first sight. 他第一眼就被她迷人的外表吸引了。
A: ♣近  alluring, attractive, appealing, captivating, charming, enchanting, pleasing, riveting
A: ♣反  abhorrent, appalling, disgusting, hideous, loathsome, repellent, repulsive 令人反感的
A: ♣派  unprepossessing adj. 不吸引人的

Q:preposterous  [pri'pɔstərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 荒谬的，不符合常理的： contrary to nature, reason, or common sense
A: ♣例  a preposterous conclusion of quantum mechanics 量子力学里有悖于常理的结论
A: ♣近  absurd, asinine, fallacious, fatuous, lunatic, ludicrous, insane, irrational, unreasonable
A: ♣反  commonsensical 常识性的；reasonable, sensible 有道理的

Q:prerequisite  ['pri:'rekwizit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 先决条件，前提： something that is necessary to an end or to the carrying out of a function
A: ♣例  Competence is prerequisite to promotion. 能力是提升的必要条件。‖I don’t think a large dwelling place is a prerequisite for a happy life. 我并不认为大的住所就能带来幸福的生活。
A: ♣近  condition, essential, must, necessity, precondition, requirement, requisite, sine qua non

Q:prerogative  [pri'rɔɡətiv]
A: ♠考法1  n. 特权，权力： an exclusive or special right, power, or privilege
A: ♣例  It is your prerogative to refuse to attend religious services. 你有权力不参加宗教活动。
A: ♣近  appanage, birthright, entitlement, privilege, right

Q:presage  ['presidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 征兆： something believed to be a sign or warning of a future event
A: ♣例  The sight of the first robin is always a welcome presage of spring. 第一只知更鸟的出现总是迎接春天到来的象征
A: ♣近  augury, auspice, boding, foreboding, foreshadowing, portent, prefiguring
A: ♠考法2  vt. 预示，预言： to foretell or predict
A: ♣例  The incident may presage war. 这个事件可能是战争的征兆
A: ♣近  adumbrate, augur, forecast, foretell, portend, predict, prognosticate, prophesy

Q:prescience  ['presiəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 预知，先见： knowledge of actions or events before they occur
A: ♣例  Most believers would probably agree that complete prescience is one of God's attributes. 所有的信徒大概都会同意上帝能够预见未来
A: ♣近  foresight, forethought, providence
A: ♣反  improvidence, myopia, shortsightedness 目光短浅

Q:prescription  [pris'kripʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 规定，传统的规矩： something prescribed as a rule; especially an inherited or established way of thinking, feeling, or doing
A: ♣近  convention, custom, decree, law, regulation, rule
A: ♣派  prescribe v. 开药方；设立规定

Q:preservative  [pri'zə:vətiv]
A: ♠考法1  n. 防腐剂： an additive used to protect against decay, discoloration, or spoilage
A: ♣例  containing no chemical preservative 不含化学防腐剂
A: ♣派  preserve v. 保存

Q:prestige  [pre'sti:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 声望，威望： the level of respect at which one is regarded by others
A: ♣例  The prestige of the university has been irrevocably impaired by the plagiarism scandal. 这所大学的声望已经因剽窃丑闻而受到了不可挽回的损失。
A: ♣近  credit, fame, influence, reputation
A: ♣反  infamy 坏名声
A: ♣派  prestigious adj. 有名望的

Q:presumptuous  [pri'zʌmptjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 放肆的，冒昧的： overstepping due bounds (as of propriety or courtesy)
A: ♣例  Under such a circumstance his demand for attention was utterly presumptuous. 在那种情况下他要求被关注是极其冒昧的
A: ♣近  audacious, bold, brash, impertinent, impudent, insolent, pompous, presuming
A: ♣反  courteous, decorous, genteel, gracious, urbane 举止得体的，有礼貌的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 傲慢的： having a feeling of superiority that shows itself in an overbearing attitude
A: ♣例  The presumptuous doctor didn't even bother to explain to me the treatment that I would be receiving. 傲慢的医生连给我说明我会接受何种治疗的耐性都没有。
A: ♣近  assumptive, bumptious, cavalier, haughty, imperious, lofty, overweening, peremptory, supercilious
A: ♣反  humble, modest 谦卑的

Q:pretense  [pri'tens]
A: ♠考法1  n. 虚假，伪装： the act of pretending; a false appearance or action intended to deceive
A: ♣例  There is too much pretense in his piety. 他的虔诚大多都是伪装。
A: ♣近  affectation, camouflage, deceit, disguise, imposture, mask, masquerade
A: ♣反  sincerity 真诚
A: ♠考法2  n. 自大，优越感： an exaggerated sense of one's importance that shows itself in the making of excessive or unjustified claims
A: ♣近  assumption, hauteur, imperiousness, loftiness, lordliness, pomposity, superciliousness, superiority
A: ♣反  humility, modesty 谦逊

Q:preternatural  [,pri:tə'nætʃərəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 超乎寻常的： surpassing the normal or usual
A: ♣例  They exhibited preternatural courage in face of danger. 他们在危险面前显示出了超乎寻常的勇气。
A: ♣近  aberrant, abnormal, anomalous, extraordinary, phenomenal, magical, miraculous, unearthly
A: ♣反  common, ordinary, prosaic 平凡的

Q:prevail  [pri'veil]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 盛行，战胜： to be greater in strength or influence
A: ♣例  a custom that still prevails 依然盛行的传统
A: ♣近  conquer, dominate, overcome, reign, triumph
A: ♣反  yield 屈服；lose 失败
A: ♣派  prevailing adj. 盛行的

Q:prevalent  ['prevələnt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 流行的，普遍的： widely or commonly occurring, existing, accepted, or practiced
A: ♣例  The kinds of accidents are frequently seen in places where snowmobiles are prevalent. 这种类型的事故在摩托雪橇盛行的地区是很常见的。
A: ♣近  conventional, dominant, common, popular, predominant, preponderant, prevailing, rife
A: ♣反  absent, rare 缺少的，稀少的；unusual 与众不同的
A: ♣派  prevalence n. 流行，遍及

Q:prevaricate  [pri'værikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 支吾其词，撒谎： to stray from or evade the truth
A: ♣例  During the hearings the witness did his best to prevaricate. 听证会上证人在竭尽全力地支吾其词。
A: ♣近  equivocate, fabricate, falsify, lie, palter
A: ♣派  prevarication n. 支吾其词

Q:primordial  [prai'mɔ:djəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 原始的，最初的： being or happening first in sequence of time
A: ♣例  primordial forms of life 最原始的生命形态
A: ♣近  ancient, early, primal, primeval, primitive
A: ♣反  late, recent 最近的

Q:primp  [primp]
A: ♠考法1  v. 精心打扮： to dress, adorn, or arrange in a careful or finicky manner
A: ♣例  She primps for hours before a date. 她出门约会前要花数小时打扮。
A: ♣近  preen, dress up

Q:principal  ['prinsəpəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 主要的，重要的： first, highest, or foremost in importance, rank, worth, or degree
A: ♣例  The region's principal city is getting hammered by a series of terrorist attacks. 该地区的中心城市正在被一系列恐怖袭击攻击。
A: ♣近  capital, cardinal, chief, dominant, grand, main, major, paramount, predominant, preeminent, primary
A: ♣反  secondary, subordinate 次要的

Q:pristine  ['pristain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 纯净的，质朴的，未被文明腐蚀的： remaining in a pure state; uncorrupted by civilization. remaining free from dirt or decay; clean
A: ♣例  a pristine forest 一片未被文明影响的森林
A: ♣近  immaculate, spotless, stainless, unsoiled, unstained, unsullied
A: ♣反  tainted, squalid, contaminated, besmirched ,corrupted by civilization 污染的，被文明腐蚀的

Q:privation  [prai'veiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 缺乏，穷困： lack of what is needed for existence
A: ♣例  the constant privation of sleep was starting to affect his work 长期以来的睡眠不足开始影响他的工作
A: ♣近  deprivation, loss
A: ♣反  repletion 充满

Q:probe  [prəub]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 深入调查： a penetrating or critical investigation
A: ♣例  probe into his background 深入调查他的背景
A: ♣近  delving, disquisition, exploration, inquisition

Q:probity  ['prəubiti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 正直： faithfulness to high moral standards
A: ♣例  a person of indisputable probity should head the disciplinary panel 一个绝对正直的人应该来领导纪律委员会
A: ♣近  honesty, integrity, rectitude, righteousness, uprightness
A: ♣反  unscrupulousness, shiftiness, baseness, dishonor, lowness 肆无忌惮，欺骗

Q:proclaim  [prəu'kleim]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 宣告，使…公之于众： to declare publicly, typically insistently, proudly, or defiantly and in either speech or writing
A: ♣例  wearing a button that proclaimed my choice for president 身上挂着一个纽扣，它能够彰显我支持谁当总统‖He launched a coup and proclaimed himself president. 他发动了一场政变，然后宣称自己已成为总统。
A: ♣近  advertise, announce, blare, blazon, broadcast, declare, enunciate, herald, promulgate, publicize, publish, release, trumpet
A: ♣反  conceal, hide 隐藏；silence, suppress 压制（观点的发表）

Q:proclivity  [prəu'kliviti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 癖性，偏好： a natural propensity or inclination; predisposition
A: ♣例  showed artistic proclivities at an early age 在很小的时候就表现除了对艺术的喜好
A: ♣近  aptitude, disposition, leaning, partiality, penchant, predilection, propensity
A: ♣反  aversion, antipathy, disinclination 厌恶，反感

Q:procrastinate  [prəu'kræstineit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （因为懒散）拖延： to put off doing something, especially out of habitual carelessness or laziness
A: ♣例  She procrastinated and missed the submission deadline. 她一直拖拖拉拉，导致错过了截止日期。

Q:procure  [prəu'kjuə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 获得，取得： to get possession of
A: ♣例  procured the prisoner's release 得到了释放囚犯的许可
A: ♣近  acquire, attain, garner, knock down, pull down, bring in
A: ♣反  relinquish, forfeit, lose 放弃

Q:prod  [prɔd]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 促使……行动： to try to persuade (someone) through earnest appeals to follow a course of action
A: ♣例  The strike may prod the government into action. 罢工也许会迫使政府采取行动。
A: ♣近  encourage, exhort, goad, nudge, prompt, spur, egg on
A: ♣反  rein 抑制

Q:prodigal  ['prɔdiɡəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 挥霍的： recklessly spendthrift
A: ♣例  prodigal outlays for her clothes 买衣服时挥金如土
A: ♣近  extravagant, profligate, squandering, unthrifty, wasteful
A: ♣反  frugal, parsimonious, conserving, economical, economizing, penny-pinching, scrimping, skimping, thrifty 节省的，吝啬的
A: ♣派  prodigality 浪费挥霍
A: ♣反  penury, husbandry 贫困，节约
A: ♠考法2  n. 败家子： someone who spends money freely or foolishly
A: ♣例  The million-dollar lottery winner was such a prodigal that his windfall was exhausted after only a few years. 靠彩票中了百万的赢家是个败家子，几年之内就把这笔意外之财全部花完了。
A: ♣近  fritterer, high roller, profligate, spender, spendthrift, squanderer, waster, wastrel
A: ♣反  economizer, penny-pincher 吝啬的人

Q:prodigious  [prəu'didʒəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 巨大的： impressively great in size, force, or extent; enormous
A: ♣例  a prodigious supply of canned food kept in the basement 地下室贮存着大量罐头食品
A: ♣近  colossal, elephantine, enormous, gigantic, titanic, tremendous
A: ♣反  slight 微小的
A: ♣派  prodigy n. 天才，神童
A: ♠考法2  adj. 惊人的，了不起的： causing wonder or astonishment
A: ♣例  stage magicians performing prodigious feats for rapt audiences 舞台魔术师在全神贯注的观众们面前表演
A: ♣近  amazing, astonishing, astounding, awesome, fabulous, miraculous, portentous, staggering, stunning, stupendous, sublime, surprising

Q:profane  [prəu'fein]
A: ♠考法1  v. 亵渎： to treat (something sacred) with abuse, irreverence, or contempt
A: ♣例  invading troops profaned the altar by playing poker on it 侵略军亵渎了祭坛，竟然在上面打扑克
A: ♣近  defile, violate
A: ♣派  profaned 被亵渎的
A: ♣反  unviolated, inviolable 未被亵渎的，不可亵渎的
A: ♠考法2  v. 滥用： to put to a bad or improper use
A: ♣例  profaned his considerable acting talents by appearing in some wretched movies 在一些烂俗的电影里面出现简直就是浪费表演才华
A: ♣近  abuse, misemploy, misuse, pervert, prostitute

Q:proffer  ['prɔfə]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 献出，提供： to offer for acceptance; tender
A: ♣例  proffered her assistance in helping the two sides reach a compromise 她在斡旋双方达成妥协过程中尽了力
A: ♣近  extend, give, proffer, tender, trot out
A: ♣反  retain, withhold 保留

Q:proficient  [prəu'fiʃənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 熟练的，精通的： having or marked by an advanced degree of competence, as in an art, vocation, profession, or branch of learning
A: ♣例  proficient in translating foreign languages 精通外语翻译
A: ♣近  accomplished, complete, expert, skilled, versed, virtuoso
A: ♣反  inept, incompetent, amateur, inexperienced, inexpert, jackleg, unprofessional, unseasoned, unskilled 无能的

Q:profligate  ['prɔfliɡət]
A: ♠考法1  adj./n. 挥金如土的，挥霍的： recklessly wasteful; wildly extravagant
A: ♣例  leading a profligate life 过着骄奢淫逸的生活
A: ♣近  extravagant, high-rolling, spendthrift, squandering, thriftless, unthrifty, wasteful
A: ♣反  parsimonious, provident, thrift, economical, frugal, conserving 吝啬的，节俭的
A: ♠考法2  n. 败家子： someone who spends money freely or foolishly
A: ♣例  profligate who could not really afford the grand style he maintained at Monticello, Jefferson died deeply in debt 再也支撑不了在蒙蒂塞洛之时的大手大脚的作风，败家子杰斐逊最终深陷债务危机
A: ♣近  fritterer, high roller, spender, spendthrift, squanderer, waster, wastrel
A: ♣反  economizer, penny-pincher 吝啬的人
A: ♠考法3  n. 堕落的人： a person who has sunk below the normal moral standard
A: ♣例  a drunken profligate, he was given to wretched excess in every aspect of his life 一个喝醉的堕落的人，在生活的方方面面都日趋堕落
A: ♣近  backslider, debauchee, debaucher, decadent, deviate, libertine, perv, pervert, profligate, rake, rakehell, rip

Q:profundity  [prəu'fʌndəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 深奥，深刻： something profound or abstruse
A: ♣例  His books are a mixture of playfulness and profundity. 他的作品都是搞笑和深刻的结合体。
A: ♣近  deepness, profoundness
A: ♣反  superficiality 肤浅

Q:profusion  [prəu'fju:ʒən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 丰富，大量： the state of being profuse; abundance
A: ♣例  snow falling in profusion 雪量很大
A: ♣近  abundance, mass, plentitude, scads, volume, wealth
A: ♣反  paucity 极小量
A: ♣派  profuse 丰富的
A: ♣反  scanty 缺乏的
A: ♠考法2  n. 挥霍，浪费： the quality or fact of being free or wasteful in the expenditure of money
A: ♣例  in giving gifts to his girlfriend, he was generous to the point of profusion 对于给女朋友的礼物支出一项，他慷慨到了几乎奢侈的地步
A: ♣近  extravagancy, lavishness, prodigality, wastefulness
A: ♣反  economy, frugality, penny-pinching

Q:prohibitive  [prəu'hibitiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 禁止的；阻止的： tending to prohibit or restrain
A: ♠考法2  adj. （价格高得）抑制购买的： so high or burdensome as to discourage purchase or use
A: ♣例  prohibitive prices 抑制购买的高价

Q:project  ['prɔdʒekt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 方案，计划： a specific plan or design
A: ♣例  an ambitious project to develop the city’s underground transport 一项开发城市地下交通系统的雄心勃勃的计划
A: ♣近  arrangement, blueprint, design, plan, program, scheme, strategy, system, road map
A: ♠考法2  vi. 凸出： to extend outward beyond a usual point
A: ♣例  Some boulders projected dangerously out above the trail. 一些巨石非常危险地在道路上凸了出来。
A: ♣近  balloon, beetle, billow, bunch, jut, overhang, poke, pouch, pout, protrude, swell
A: ♠考法3  vt. 预测，预计： to calculate, estimate, or predict (something in the future), based on present data or trends
A: ♣例  projecting next year’s expenses 预测明年的开销
A: ♣近  augur, estimate, extrapolate, forecast, predict, predetermine, presage
A: ♣派  projected adj. 计划的；projection n. 凸起物；投影

Q:proliferate  [prəu'lifəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 快速繁殖，激增： to grow or multiply by rapidly producing new tissue, parts, cells, or offspring
A: ♣例  rumors about the accident proliferated on the Internet 关于事故的小道消息在网上迅速扩散
A: ♣近  balloon, boom, build up, escalate, expand, mushroom, snowball
A: ♣反  decrease in amount, dwindle, contract, decrease, diminish, dwindle, lessen, recede, wane 数量减少，缩小

Q:prolix  ['prəuliks]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 罗嗦的，冗长的： tending to speak or write at excessive length
A: ♣例  habitually transforms brief anecdotes into prolix sagas that exhaust his listeners 总是将简短的小趣事变成冗长的传说故事，让听众很疲倦
A: ♣近  diffuse, garrulous, rambling, verbose, windy
A: ♣反  pithy, taciturn, terse, succinct, concise, extreme brief 精炼的，寡言的

Q:prologue  ['prəulɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 序言： the preface or introduction to a literary work
A: ♣例  the burglary, which he committed while still a teen, was but a prologue to a wasted life of crime 他青少年时犯过的入室抢劫拉开了他偷盗生涯的序幕
A: ♣近  exordium, foreword, preamble, preface, prelude, proem, prolusion
A: ♣反  epilogue 结尾

Q:prolong  [prə'lɔŋ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 延长，拖延： to lengthen in extent, scope, or range
A: ♣例  Additives are used to prolong the shelf life of packaged food. 添加剂被用来延长包装食品的保存期限。
A: ♣近  elongate, lengthen, outstretch, protract, stretch, drag (out), draw out
A: ♣反  abbreviate, abridge, curtail, cut, cut back, shorten , truncate 截短

Q:promulgate  ['prɔməlɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 正式宣布： to make known openly or publicly
A: ♣例  The law was promulgated in June 1988. 法律在1988年6月出台。
A: ♣近  annunciate, declare, enunciate, proclaim, publicize, herald
A: ♣反  keep secret 保密

Q:proofread  ['pru:f,ri:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 校对： to read (copy or proof) in order to find errors and mark corrections
A: ♣例  She proofread the paper carefully. 她仔细把论文校对了。

Q:propagate  ['prɔpəɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 繁殖： to cause to continue or increase by sexual or asexual reproduction
A: ♣例  the dams along the river are interfering with the salmon's ability to propagate 河上的大坝影响了大马哈鱼的繁殖
A: ♣近  breed, multiply, reproduce
A: ♣反  fail to multiply 根除，繁殖失败
A: ♠考法2  vt. 传播，宣传： to cause to spread out and affect a greater number or greater area: extend
A: ♣例  the various ways in which churches can propagate the faith 不同的宣传教义的方法
A: ♣近  broadcast, circulate, disseminate
A: ♣反  check 阻止

Q:propensity  [prəu'pensiti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 倾向，癖好： an often intense natural inclination or preference
A: ♣例  a neighbor who has an unfortunate propensity for snooping 好管闲事的邻居
A: ♣近  affinity, aptitude, bent, partiality, penchant, predilection, predisposition, proclivity
A: ♣反  aversion 厌恶

Q:prophetic  [prəu'fetik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 预言的，预示的： foretelling events：predictive
A: ♣例  those lower-than-expected sales numbers were a prophetic indicator of the financial trouble the company would soon be in 那些低于预期的销售数字就是公司即将陷入的金融危机的先兆
A: ♣近  predictive

Q:propitiate  [prəu'piʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 慰抚，劝解： to conciliate (an offended power); appease
A: ♣例  the temple was built to honor the gods in times of plenty and to propitiate them in times of trouble 该庙宇的作用是，丰收之时感谢神明，有难之时安抚神明
A: ♣近  appease, assuage, conciliate, disarm, mollify, placate
A: ♣反  enrage, incense, inflame, infuriate, ire, madden, outrage, antagonize, arouse hostility 激怒

Q:propitious  [prəu'piʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吉祥的： favorably disposed: pointing toward a happy outcome
A: ♣例  propitious sign 吉祥的征兆
A: ♣近  auspicious, encouraging, fair, heartening, optimistic, promising, upbeat
A: ♣反  dim, discouraging, disheartening, futureless, hopeless, inauspicious, unfavorable, unpromising, unpropitious 不吉利的

Q:proponent  [prəu'pəunənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 建议者，支持者： one who argues in support of something; an advocate
A: ♣例  a proponent of the use of electric-powered cars 电动能源汽车的支持者
A: ♣近  advocate, apostle, champion, expounder, espouser, friend, promoter, supporter, protagonist
A: ♣反  adversary, antagonist, opponent , detractor 诋毁者，反对者

Q:proprietary  [prəu'praiətəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 所有权： ownership
A: ♣近  dominion, ownership, possession, property, proprietorship
A: ♠考法2  adj. 私营的： privately owned and managed and run as a profit-making organization
A: ♣例  a proprietary hospital 私人医院
A: ♣近  private
A: ♣反  public 政府提供的；state-owned 国有的

Q:propriety  [prəu'praiəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 礼节： conformity to what is socially acceptable in conduct or speech
A: ♣例  When attending a wedding, there are certain proprieties that must be followed. 参加婚礼时，有一些礼节需要遵守。
A: ♣近  decorum, form, etiquette
A: ♣反  impropriety, indecency, indecorum
A: ♠考法2  n. 适当得体： the quality or state of being especially suitable or fitting
A: ♣例  I'm not sure about the propriety of serving champagne in these glasses. 我不确定在这种杯子里倒香槟是否得体。
A: ♣近  appositeness, aptness, felicity, fitness, properness, rightness, seemliness, suitability
A: ♣反  improperness, impropriety, inappositeness, inappropriateness, inaptness, infelicity, unfitness, unseemliness, unsuitability, wrongness 不得体

Q:prosaic  [prəu'zeiik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 单调的，常见的： being of the type that is encountered in the normal course of events
A: ♣例  prosaic advice 老掉牙的建议
A: ♣近  commonplace, everyday, routine, unexceptional, unremarkable, workaday
A: ♣反  abnormal, exceptional, extraordinary, odd, out-of-the-way, strange, exciting, preternatural, ingenious, imaginary 不寻常的，有独创性的

Q:proscribe  [prəus'kraib]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 禁止，排斥： to prohibit; forbid
A: ♣例  acts proscribed by law 被法律禁止的行为
A: ♣近  ban, enjoin, interdict, outlaw, prohibit
A: ♣反  sanction, permit, allow, let, suffer 允许

Q:prosecution  [,prɔsi'kju:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 实行，执行： the doing of an action
A: ♣例  oversaw the prosecution of the president's foreign policy 监督总统对外政策的执行情况
A: ♣近  accomplishment, achievement, discharge, enactment, execution, fulfillment, implementation, performance, perpetration, pursuance
A: ♣反  nonfulfillment, nonperformance 不履行，不完成

Q:proselytize  ['prɔsilitaiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 改变信仰： to persuade to change to one's religious faith
A: ♣例  The efforts of early missionaries to proselytize the Native Americans of Minnesota were largely unproductive. 早期传教士对于明尼苏达的土著人的改变信仰的努力大多无功而返。
A: ♣近  convert

Q:prospect  ['prɔspekt]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 探查，勘探： to go into or range over for purposes of discovery
A: ♣例  people had arrived in the valley to prospect it for gold 人们来到山谷淘金
A: ♣近  hunt, probe, search, skirr
A: ♠考法2  n. 期待，被期望的某物： the act or state of looking forward to some occurrence
A: ♣例  The prospect of a quiet, restful Sunday ended when our basement flooded. 对一个宁静休闲的周日的期待被地下室涨水打破了。
A: ♣近  anticipation, contemplation, expectancy

Q:prosperous  ['prɔspərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 成功的，繁盛的： marked by vigorous growth and well-being especially economically
A: ♣例  The company had a prosperous year. 公司今年业绩斐然。
A: ♣近  booming, flourishing, halcyon, lush, palmy, roaring, thriving
A: ♣反  depressed, impecunious 萧条的，贫穷的

Q:prostrate  ['prɔstreit]
A: ♠考法1  adj./v. 平躺： lying flat or at full length
A: ♣例  He was lying prostrate on the bed. 他平躺在床上。
A: ♣近  debilitated, effete, enervated, enfeebled, languid, sapped
A: ♣反  erect, upright 直立的
A: ♠考法2  adj./v. 衰弱的/使衰竭： to reduce to extreme weakness or incapacitation
A: ♣例  illness that prostrated an entire family 将整个家庭拖垮的疾病
A: ♣近  debilitate, devitalize, enervate, enfeeble, etiolate, sap, tire
A: ♣反  fortify, strengthen, beef up

Q:protean  [prəu'ti:ən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 善变的，多才多艺的： displaying great diversity or variety; versatile
A: ♣例  He loved to show off his protean talent. 他喜欢炫耀自己多样的才华.
A: ♣近  adaptable, universal, all-around
A: ♣反  static 固定的

Q:protocol  ['prəutəkɔl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 正确的礼仪规范： a code of correct conduct
A: ♣例  a breach of protocol 社交礼仪的破坏

Q:prototype  ['prəutətaip]
A: ♠考法1  n. 原型： an original model on which something is patterned
A: ♣例  The manufacturer exhaustively tested the prototype of the vehicle before approving production. 生产商在将该车型投入生产之前对其原型进行了详细的测试。
A: ♣近  archetype
A: ♣反  copy, imitation, replica, reproduction 复制品

Q:protract  [prə'trækt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 延长，拖长： to draw out or lengthen in time; prolong
A: ♣近  elongate, lengthen, prolong, stretch, drag out, draw out,
A: ♣反  curtail, abridge, abbreviate, shorten, cut back 缩减

Q:protrude  [prəu'tru:d]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 突出： to jut out; project; bulge
A: ♣例  a handkerchief protruding from his breast pocket 手帕从他的上衣口袋里突出出来
A: ♣近  bulge, overhang, poke, project, stand out, stick out
A: ♣反  concave 凹陷

Q:protuberant  [prəu'tju:bərənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 隆起的，凸出的： thrusting out from a surrounding or adjacent surface often as a rounded mass
A: ♣例  protuberant eyes 暴鱼眼
A: ♣反  depressed 下陷的
A: ♣派  protuberance 隆起
A: ♣反  concavity 凹陷

Q:provident  ['prɔvidənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 节俭的： frugal; economical
A: ♣例  it is possible to be provident without being miserly 人可以做到节俭但不吝啬
A: ♣近  economical, sparing, thrifty, farsighted, provident, scrimping
A: ♣反  profligate 挥霍的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有远见的： having or showing awareness of and preparation for the future
A: ♣例  her provident measures kept us safe while we waited out the hurricane 她之前有远见的准备让我等待飓风结束的期间安全无恙
A: ♣近  farseeing, farsighted, forehanded, foreseeing, forethoughtful, prescient, proactive, visionary
A: ♣反  half-baked, half-cocked, improvident, myopic, shortsighted 目光短浅的

Q:providential  [,prɔvi'denʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 天意的，幸运的： happening as if through divine intervention
A: ♣例  a providential escape 幸运的逃脱
A: ♣近  lucky, fluky, fortuitous
A: ♣反  unfortunate, mishap, hapless, ill-fated, ill-starred, luckless, star-crossed 不幸的

Q:provincial  [prəu'vinʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj./n. 狭隘的： limited in perspective; narrow and self-centered
A: ♣例  an artist who has been criticized for being provincial 一个被批评非常狭隘的艺术家
A: ♣近  illiberal, insular, parochial, sectarian, narrow-minded
A: ♣反  ecumenical, broad-minded, catholic, cosmopolitan, liberal, open, open-minded, receptive, tolerant 世界范围的，开放包容的

Q:provisional  [prəu'viʒənəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 临时的： provided or serving only for the time being; temporary
A: ♣例  he was appointed provisional executor of the industrialist's vast estate 他被任命为庞大工业帝国的临时执行官
A: ♣近  impermanent, interim, provisionary, short-term
A: ♣反  long-term, permanent 永久的

Q:provisory  [prəu'vaizəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有附带条件的，临时的： depending on a proviso; conditional; serving in a position for the time being
A: ♣例  a provisory permit to block off the street while movie scenes were being shot 一个同意在电影拍摄期间封锁道路的临时许可
A: ♣近  interim, provisional, provisionary, provisory
A: ♣反  unconditional, long-term, permanent 无条件的，永久的

Q:provoke  [prəu'vəuk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激怒： to incite to anger or resentment
A: ♣例  his teasing finally provoked her to anger 他的调戏最终把她激怒了
A: ♣近  arouse, excite, incite, instigate, pique, stimulate, stir, fire up
A: ♠考法2  vt. 驱使，激起： to stir to action or feeling
A: ♣例  rankings that are sure to provoke an argument among film critics 排名必将引发影评家们的争论
A: ♣近  abet, ferment, foment, instigate, stir up, whip up

Q:prowess  ['prauis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 英勇，勇敢： superior strength, courage, or daring, especially in battle
A: ♣例  his prowess on the football field 他在球场上过人的勇气
A: ♣近  bravery, courageousness, daring, gallantry, guts, intrepidity
A: ♣反  timid, cowardice, cravenness, dastardliness, poltroonery, spinelessness 胆怯

Q:prowl  [praul]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 潜行，巡游以猎取食物： to roam through stealthily, as in search of prey or plunder
A: ♣例  I prowled the shop looking for sales. 我在商店里转悠，寻找打折商品。

Q:prude  [pru:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 过分正经的人：一个过分关心自己是否是或显得得体、谦逊或正确的人： a person who is greatly concerned with seemly behavior and morality especially regarding sexual matters
A: ♣例  the racy sitcom frequently satirizes exactly the sort of prude who would like to see the show taken off the air
A: ♣近  bluenose, moralist, puritan
A: ♣反  immoralist 不道德的人

Q:prudent  ['pru:dənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 明智的： marked by wisdom or judiciousness; wise
A: ♣例  prudent advice 明智的建议
A: ♣近  advisable, desirable, judicious, politic, tactical, intelligent
A: ♣反  fool 傻的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 小心谨慎的，审慎的： marked by circumspection

Q:prudish  ['pru:diʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 过分守礼的： marked by prudery
A: ♣例  By the prudish standards of the 19th century, any depiction of the nude was scandalous. 根据19世纪的保守标准，任何对裸露的刻画描述都是下流无耻的。
A: ♣近  nice-nelly, prim, puritanical

Q:prune  [pru:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 梅干： a plum dried or capable of drying without fermentation
A: ♠考法2  vt. 修剪： to cut off or remove dead or living parts or branches of (a plant, for example) to improve shape or growth
A: ♣例  The students were asked to prune their essays. 学生们被要求修改文章。
A: ♣近  shave, shear, snip, trim

Q:pry  [prai]
A: ♠考法1  v. 刺探： to look or inquire closely, curiously, or impertinently
A: ♣例  don't go prying into other people's business 别去打探别人的事
A: ♣近  interlope, intermeddle, intrude, nose, obtrude, snoop

Q:pseudonym  ['psju:dənim]
A: ♠考法1  n. 假名，笔名： a fictitious name
A: ♣例  Mark Twain is the pseudonym of the American writer Samuel L. Clemens. 马克?吐温是美国作家塞缪尔?L?克莱蒙斯的笔名。
A: ♣近  alias, nom de guerre

Q:psychology  [psai'kɔlədʒi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 心理学： the science that deals with mental processes and behavior
A: ♣例  She studied psychology in college. 她大学专业是心理学。
A: ♠考法2  n. 心理战术： subtle tactical action or argument used to manipulate or influence another
A: ♣例  He used poor psychology on his employer when trying to make the point. 他表达观点时，对老板用了拙劣的心理战术。

Q:pucker  ['pʌkə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 撅（嘴），使收缩： to become gathered, contracted, and wrinkled
A: ♣例  pucker my lips 撅起嘴

Q:puckish  ['pʌkiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 淘气的，顽皮的： mischievous; impish
A: ♣例  She had a puckish smile on her face. 她脸上挂着顽皮的笑容。
A: ♣近  devilish, impish, prankish, rascally, waggish
A: ♣反  sober, grave, staid 严肃的

Q:puerile  ['pjuərail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 幼稚的，不成熟的： immature; lacking in adult experience or maturity
A: ♣例  puerile remarks 幼稚的评论
A: ♣近  adolescent, green, immature, puerile, unfledged, unformed, unripened
A: ♣反  adult, experienced, grown-up, mature, ripe, sagacious 睿智的，成熟的

Q:puissance  ['pju:isəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 权力： power; might
A: ♣例  the president pledged to put the full puissance of the nation into the war effort 总统下令全国进入战争状态
A: ♣近  force, might, potency, strength, vigor, sinew
A: ♣反  powerlessness, impotence, weakness 无力

Q:pulchritude  ['pʌlkritju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 美丽： great physical beauty and appeal
A: ♣反  ugliness, homeliness, hideousness 丑陋，平庸

Q:pulverize  ['pʌlvəraiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 研磨成粉： to bring to a complete end the physical soundness, existence, or usefulness of
A: ♣例  Bits of pulverized rock filled the air. 被碾碎的岩石碎片充斥在空气里。
A: ♣反  solidify, build, construct, erect, put up, raise, rear, set up 硬化，构建

Q:pun  [pʌn]
A: ♠考法1  n. 双关语： the usually humorous use of a word in such a way as to suggest two or more of its meanings or the meaning of another word similar in sound
A: ♣例  He's a skillful pilot whose career has—no pun intended—really taken off. 她是个技术娴熟的飞行员，飞行生涯——没有别的意思——真正腾飞了。

Q:punctilious  [pʌŋk'tiliəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 注意细节的，一丝不苟的： strictly attentive to minute details of form in action or conduct.
A: ♣近  decorous, proper, starchy, stilted
A: ♣反  remiss, slipshod, casual, easygoing, informal, laid-back, unceremonious 粗心的

Q:pundit  ['pʌndit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 权威人士，专家： a person who gives opinions in an authoritative manner usually through the mass media
A: ♣例  the new laptop has gotten a thumbs-up from industry pundits 新出的笔记本电脑受到了业界专家的一致好评
A: ♣近  savant, scholar

Q:pungent  ['pʌndʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辛辣的，讽刺的： marked by the use of wit that is intended to cause hurt feelings
A: ♣例  pungent language 辛辣讽刺的语言
A: ♣近  acerbic, acid, acrid, caustic, mordant, sardonic, scalding, scathing

Q:puny  ['pju:ni]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 微小的，弱小的： of inferior size, strength, or significance; weak
A: ♣例  I wouldn't mess with him—he makes bodybuilders look puny in comparison. 我不敢招惹他——其他健身的人和他比起来都像小孩。
A: ♣近  diminutive, dwarfish, slight, subnormal
A: ♣反  enormous, considerable, grand, husky, king-size, outsize, overscale, substantial, whacking, whopping 巨大的

Q:purity  ['pjuəriti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 纯净；清白，无罪： the quality or state of being morally pure; the quality or state of being morally pure
A: ♣例  struggling to live a life of purity while surrounded by wickedness 即使周围充满邪恶，也要使自己生命纯粹、完美
A: ♣近  chasteness, immaculacy, innocence, modesty
A: ♣反  impurity, unchasteness, unchastity 堕落，没有节操
A: ♣派  impurity n. 杂质
A: ♣派  purist n. 纯粹主义者

Q:purlieu  ['pə:lju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 常去的地方： a place for spending time or for socializing
A: ♣例  The restaurant, the preferred purlieu of the theatergoing crowd, is always packed an hour or two before showtime. 观剧的人群经常去的那间餐厅，总是在演出开始前1-2小时爆满。
A: ♣近  haunt, purlieu, rendezvous, resort, stamping ground, stomping ground
A: ♠考法2  n. 临近的地区： an adjoining region or space
A: ♣例  We stopped at one of the several pubs in the purlieus of the stadium. 我们在体育馆附近的一间酒吧停下来。
A: ♣近  backyard, neighborhood, purlieus, vicinage, vicinity

Q:purloin  [pə:'lɔin]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 偷窃： to steal, often in a violation of trust
A: ♣例  fearing that someone might attempt to purloin a copy of the script for the show's season finale 害怕该剧的完季那集剧本被盗
A: ♣近  appropriate, filch, pilfer, snitch, thieve

Q:purvey  [pə'vei]
A: ♠考法1  v.（大量）供给，供应： to supply (food, for example); furnish.
A: ♣例  a little shop purveying handmade merchandise 出售手工商品的小店

Q:pusillanimous  [,pju:si'læniməs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 懦弱的，胆小得令人鄙视的： lacking courage and resolution : marked by contemptible timidity
A: ♣例  pusillanimous politicians who vote according to whichever way the political wind is blowing 胆小懦弱的政客，舆论风向倒向谁就投票给谁
A: ♣近  craven, dastardly, gutless, poltroon, recreant, spineless
A: ♣反  brave, courageous, daring, dauntless, doughty, gallant, gutsy, intrepid, lionhearted, stalwart, stout, stouthearted, valiant, valorous 勇敢的

Q:quack  [kwæk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骗子医生，江湖郎中： a pretender to medical skill
A: ♣例  don't bother to see that guy, as I've heard he's a quack with no actual training 别再找他看病了，我听说他就是个没有真才实学的江湖郎中
A: ♣近  charlatan, fake, fraud, hoaxer, mountebank, phony
A: ♣反  honest practitioner 诚实从业者

Q:quaff  [kwɑ:f]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 大口地喝： to drink (a beverage) heartily
A: ♣例  He stopped at a bar and quaffed a few beers. 他在酒吧停下来，痛饮了几杯啤酒。
A: ♣近  draft, gulp, swig, swill

Q:quail  [kweil]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 胆怯，畏缩： to shrink back in fear; cower
A: ♣例  She quailed at the thought of seeing him again. 她想到还要再见他就害怕。
A: ♣近  blench, cringe, recoil, shrink, wince
A: ♣反  become resolute, give bold 变得坚决、大胆

Q:qualify  ['kwɔlifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 限定： to reduce from a general to a particular or restricted form
A: ♣例  qualified support 有限的支持
A: ♣派  qualified
A: ♣反  unreserved, absolute, categorical 无保留的，不受限制的
A: ♠考法2  v. 使有资格，有能力： to make competent (as by training, skill, or ability) for a particular office or function
A: ♣例  raising five children has qualified her to be an advice columnist on parenting 抚养五个孩子的经历让她成为了育儿板块的专栏作家
A: ♣近  equip, fit, prepare, ready, season, train

Q:quandary  ['kwɔndəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 困惑，窘境： a state of perplexity or doubt
A: ♣例  I've had two job offers, and I'm in a real quandary about/over which one to accept. 我有两个工作机会,但实在是进退两难，不知道应该选哪一个.
A: ♣近  catch-22, double bind
A: ♣反  state of complete certainty 胸有成竹

Q:quarantine  ['kwɔrənti:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 隔离： to isolate from normal relations or communication
A: ♣例  The cows will be kept in quarantine for another two weeks. 牛群还需要被隔离观察两周。

Q:quarry  ['kwɔri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 采石场： an open excavation or pit from which stone is obtained by digging, cutting, or blasting
A: ♠考法2  n. 目标，猎物： an object of pursuit
A: ♣例  a hunter relentlessly tracking his quarry 无情捕杀猎物的猎人
A: ♣近  chase
A: ♣反  predator 捕猎者

Q:quash  [kwɔʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 镇压，阻止： to put a stop to (something) by the use of force
A: ♣例  quash a rebellion 镇压一次叛变
A: ♣近  repress, squelch, subdue, suppress, clamp down on, crack down on
A: ♣反  engender, foment 引起，煽动

Q:quaver  ['kweivə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 发颤音： to speak in a quivering voice; utter a quivering sound
A: ♣例  His voice quavered during the speech. 整个演讲过程中，他的声音都是颤抖的。
A: ♣近  temble，trill

Q:quell  [kwel]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 压制： to put down forcibly; suppress
A: ♣例  quell riot 镇压骚乱
A: ♣近  quash, repress, squash, squelch, subdue, suppress, clamp down on, crack down on
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使平静，安静： to pacify; quiet
A: ♣例  quell fears 减轻害怕
A: ♣近  dumb, extinguish, hush, mute, settle
A: ♣反  foment, instigate, rouse, incite 煽动

Q:quench  [kwentʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 熄灭： to put out (a fire, for example); extinguish.
A: ♣例  We thoroughly quenched the campfire before we headed to bed. 我们在睡前把营火完全熄灭了。
A: ♣近  blanket, douse, put out, snuff out
A: ♣反  fire, ignite, inflame, kindle, light 点燃
A: ♠考法2  v. 使满足： to put a complete end to (a physical need or desire)
A: ♣例  this lemonade really quenches my thirst 这杯柠檬汁真是解渴
A: ♣近  assuage, quench, sate, satiate, slake

Q:querulous  ['kweruləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 抱怨的，爱发牢骚的： habitually complaining
A: ♣例  a querulous voice 抱怨的声音
A: ♣近  crabby, cranky, grouchy, grumpy
A: ♣反  forbearing, long-suffering, patient, stoic, tolerant, uncomplaining 容忍的

Q:quibble  ['kwibl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 吹毛求疵： to find fault or criticize for petty reasons; cavil
A: ♣例  she spent the entire evening quibbling about the historical inaccuracies in the television series on World War II 她一整晚都在对那个关于二战的电视剧里的历史错误吹毛求疵
A: ♣近  carp, cavil, fuss, niggle, nitpick
A: ♠考法2  n. 牵强之词：微不足道的差别或不切中要点的异议，小反对： a minor objection or criticism
A: ♣例  My only quibble about the trip was that it rained a lot. 我对旅行唯一的小不满就是下雨有点多。

Q:quiescent  [kwai'esənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平静的，静止的： being quiet, still, or at rest; inactive
A: ♣例  a group of quiescent loungers 一群平静懒散的流浪汉
A: ♣近  dull, inert, lethargic, sluggish, torpid
A: ♣反  rambunctious, tumultuous, active, restlessly active 骚乱的

Q:quixotic  [kwik'sɔtik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不切实际的，空想的： having or marked by a tendency to be guided more by ideals than by reality
A: ♣例  She had quixotic dreams about the future. 她对未来有着幻想。
A: ♣近  impractical, ideal, romantic, starry, utopian, visionary
A: ♣反  clear-eyed, clear-sighted 聪明的

Q:quota  ['kwəutə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 配额，限额： a proportional part or share
A: ♣例  The department set new sales quotas in May. 部门设定了五月的销售定额。
A: ♣近  allowance, portion, proportion
A: ♣反  unlimited number 不限数量

Q:quotidian  [kwəu'tidiən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平凡的： everyday; commonplace
A: ♣例  plagued by a quotidian coughing 每天被咳嗽困扰
A: ♣近  commonplace, everyday, frequent, ordinary, routine, ubiquitous
A: ♣反  remarkable, striking, extraordinary, unusual, rare, infrequent, seldom 不平常的

Q:rabble  ['ræbl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 混乱的人群： a disorganized or disorderly crowd of people
A: ♣例  the crown prince was reminded that even the rabble deserved his attention and compassion 太子应该知道即使是草民，也值得他的关注和同情
A: ♣近  ragtag and bobtail, riffraff, scum, rag, trash, unwashed

Q:rabid  ['ræbid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 狂热的，不冷静的： extremely zealous or enthusiastic; fanatical
A: ♣例  soccer fans whose rabid enthusiasm makes them go berserk when their team wins 不冷静的粉丝们在球队获胜以后变得很狂暴
A: ♣近  delirious, ferocious, feverish, fierce, frantic, frenetic, violent
A: ♣反  logical, detached 合常理的，客观的

Q:racy  ['reisi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 活泼生动的： vigorous; lively
A: ♣例  vivid writing and a racy plot that keeps readers turning the pages 栩栩如生的手法和生动新鲜的情节让读者手不释卷
A: ♣近  animate, brisk, frisky, jaunty, perky, spirited, vivacious
A: ♣反  tame, dead, inactive, inanimate, lackadaisical, languid, languorous, leaden, lifeless, limp, listless, spiritless, vapid 乏味的，死气沉沉的

Q:raffish  ['ræfiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 低俗的： marked by or suggestive of flashy vulgarity or crudeness
A: ♣例  the dowager cringed at the thought of raffish tourists tromping all over her Persian rugs 寡妇一想到低俗的游客践踏她的波斯地毯就痛苦不已
A: ♣近  crass, lowbred, uncouth, uncultivated, uncultured, unpolished, unrefined, vulgar
A: ♣反  civilized, cultivated, cultured, genteel, polished, refined, ultrarefined, well-bred 有教养的

Q:raffle  ['ræfl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 垃圾，废物： discarded or useless material
A: ♣例  The front lawn was littered with the raffle that the workers had left behind. 前院的草坪上满是工人们丢的垃圾。
A: ♣近  chaff, deadwood, debris, dreck, dross, effluvium, litter, offal, offscouring, refuse, riffraff, rubbish, scrap, spilth

Q:rage  [reidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 暴怒： violent and uncontrolled anger
A: ♣例  Her rages rarely last more than a few minutes. 她的暴躁来得快去得也快。
A: ♣近  agitation, deliriousness, delirium, distraction, furor, hysteria, rampage

Q:ragged  ['ræɡid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 衣衫褴褛的： dressed in tattered or threadbare clothes
A: ♣例  A ragged coat may cover an honest man. 不能以衣著取人。
A: ♣近  raggedy, ragtag, tattered, tatterdemalion, shabby
A: ♣反  kempt, neat, trim 整洁的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 凹凸不平的，不光滑的： not having a level or smooth surface
A: ♣例  She cut herself on the ragged edge of the tin can's lid. 她被罐头盖的锋利边缘割伤了。
A: ♣近  broken, bumpy, coarse, irregular, jagged, lumpy, pebbly, rough, roughened, rugged, scraggy
A: ♣反  even, flat, level, plane 平整的；smooth 光滑的

Q:rail  [reil]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 怒骂，猛烈抨击： to revile or scold in harsh, insolent, or abusive language
A: ♣例  We could hear the cook in the kitchen railing against his assistant and wondered if we'd ever get our food. 我们可以听到厨师在厨房怒斥他的助手，由此我们怀疑我们点的菜还能不能做好。
A: ♣近  baste, berate, castigate, chastise, hammer, lambaste, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, upbraid
A: ♣反  accredit, applaud, commend, eulogize, extol, laud, praise 表扬，赞扬
A: ♣派  raillery n. 善意的打闹

Q:rakish  ['reikiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 放荡的，行为不检点的： having or showing lowered moral character or standards; dissolute
A: ♣例  He wore his hat at a rakish angle. 他帽子戴得吊儿郎当的。
A: ♣近  debased, debauched, demoralized, depraved, dissolute, libertine, perverse, perverted, reprobate
A: ♣反  good, moral, pure, righteous, virtuous 有美好品德的；uncorrupted 不放荡的
A: ♣派  rake n. 行为不检点的人，放荡的人

Q:ramble  ['ræmbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 漫步，漫游： to move aimlessly from place to place
A: ♣例  rambling under the starlight 在星光下漫步‖rambling around Beijing for a week 在北京四处漫游一周
A: ♣近  amble, cruise, drift, float, meander, perambulate, roam, saunter, stroll, traipse, wander
A: ♠考法2  vi. 漫谈；长篇大论（并经常离题）地说或写： to talk at length without sticking to a topic or getting to a point
A: ♣例  rambling on about dating, homework, movies, and the local football team 扯了一些关于约会、作业、电影以及本地橄榄球队的闲谈
A: ♣近  blather, chat, chatter, drivel, maunder, patter, prattle

Q:rambunctious  [ræm'bʌŋkʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 喧闹的，骚乱的： being rough or noisy in a high-spirited way
A: ♣例  That beach is often taken over by packs of rambunctious young people, so don't go there expecting peace and quiet. 那个海滩经常被一帮吵闹的年轻人占领，所以不要指望过去能享受到平静和安宁。
A: ♣近  boisterous, clamorous, raucous, riotous, rowdy, tumultuous, turbulent
A: ♣反  orderly 有秩序的；calm, noiseless, peaceful, placid, quiet, serene, silent, soundless, tranquil 安静的

Q:rampant  ['ræmpənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （植物）生长茂盛的： growing thickly and vigorously
A: ♣例  a rampant growth of weeds in the neglected yard 被遗忘的院子里杂草疯长
A: ♣近  lush, luxuriant, prosperous, weedy
A: ♣反  sparse 稀疏的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 猖獗的，不受限制的： occurring without restraint and frequently, widely, or menacingly
A: ♣例  Mayor promised to put a stop to the rampant crime that plagued the city. 市长承诺要采取措施，消灭那些扰乱城市治安的猖獗的犯罪活动。‖rampant corruption in city government 市政府中猖獗的腐败
A: ♣近  abandoned, intemperate, runaway, unbounded, unbridled, unchecked, uncontrolled, unhampered, unhindered, unrestrained
A: ♣反  bridled, checked, constrained, controlled, curbed, governed, hampered, hindered, restrained, temperate 受制约的

Q:ramshackle  ['ræm,ʃækl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 摇摇欲坠的： appearing ready to collapse; rickety
A: ♣例  a ramshackle cabin in the woods 树林中摇摇欲坠的小木屋
A: ♣近  rickety, shaky, tottering
A: ♣反  concrete, firm, solid, sturdy 坚固的；stable稳定的

Q:rancor  ['ræŋkə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 敌意，深仇： a bitter deep-seated ill will
A: ♣例  A good man terminates a friendship without rancor. 君子绝交不记仇。
A: ♣近  animosity, animus, antagonism, antipathy, bitterness, gall, grudge, hostility, jaundice
A: ♣反  amity, harmony, goodwill, rapport, rapprochement 和睦，友好；friendship 友谊

Q:random  ['rændəm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 随机的，随意的： lacking a definite plan, purpose, or pattern
A: ♣例  We received several answers and picked one at random. 我们收到了若干答案，并随机抽取了一个。
A: ♣例  aimless, arbitrary, desultory, erratic, haphazard, scattered, slapdash, stray
A: ♣反  methodical, orderly, organized, regular, systematic, systematized 井然有序的，系统化的
A: ♣派  randomly adv. 随机地；randomize v. 随机挑选、排列

Q:rankle  ['ræŋkl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激怒： to cause anger, irritation, or deep bitterness
A: ♣例  It rankles me when some schools can't even afford paper and pencils for the students. 当我获悉有些学校连纸张和铅笔都无法提供给学生时，我感到十分愤怒。
A: ♣近  aggravate, enrage, exasperate, incense, inflame, infuriate, ire, madden, rile, roil
A: ♣反  delight, gratify, please 使愉悦；appease, assuage, conciliate, mollify, placate, propitiate 安抚

Q:rant  [rænt]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指长时间的）训斥，责骂： a long angry speech or scolding
A: ♣例  After complaining about the hotel’s lousy service, the woman went off on another rant about the condition of her room. 在抱怨完旅店差劲的服务之后，她继续对房间的条件开骂。
A: ♣近  castigation, diatribe, harangue, lambasting, philippic, reprimand, reproach, vituperation
A: ♣反  encomium, eulogy, panegyric, rhapsody, tribute 赞美之词
A: ♠考法2  vi. 怒吼： to speak or write in a noisy, angry or violent manner
A: ♣例  The old expert ranted that nobody paid any attention to his opinion. 老专家怒气冲冲的叫嚷说没人听他的观点。
A: ♣近  bluster, fulminate, huff, rave, roar, spout
A: ♣反  grumble, murmur, mutter 低声抱怨

Q:rapacious  [rə'peiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 食量大的，贪食的： having a huge appetite
A: ♣例  The manager at the buffet restaurant was apparently astonished by a team of rapacious professional basketball players. 自助餐厅的经理很明显被那一队胃口巨大的职业篮球队员们震惊到了。
A: ♣近  edacious, esurient,gluttonous, greedy, ravenous, voracious
A: ♠考法2  adj. 过度贪婪的： excessively grasping or covetous
A: ♣例  Some companies is rapacious and hardly looking for the long-term value. 有些公司十分贪婪，而且不考虑长期利益。
A: ♣近  acquisitive, avaricious, avid, coveting, covetous, grasping, mercenary, moneygrubbing
A: ♣反  content, sated, satiated, satisfied 心满意足的
A: ♣派  rapaciousness n. 贪婪

Q:rapport  [ræ'pɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 和睦，友好： a friendly relationship marked by ready communication and mutual understanding
A: ♣例  His good rapport with his students was one of the reasons why the school board named him Teacher of the Year. 他和学生的关系和睦是他被提名为“年度教师”的原因之一。
A: ♣近  amity,communion, concord, fellowship, harmony, rapprochement
A: ♣反  animosity, antagonism, antipathy, bitterness, enmity, hostility, jaundice, rancor 敌意

Q:rapprochement  [,rɑ:prɔʃ'mɔŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 和睦，友好： establishment of or state of having cordial relations
A: ♣例  an era of rapprochement betweenChina and Russia 中俄两国睦邻友好关系的新纪元
A: ♣近  amity,communion, concord, fellowship, harmony, rapport
A: ♣反  animosity, antagonism, antipathy, bitterness, enmity, hostility, jaundice, rancor 敌意

Q:rapscallion  [ræp'skæljən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 流氓，恶棍：a mean, evil, or unprincipled person
A: ♣例  an unsafe place frequented by drunkards and rapscallions 一个酒鬼和流氓经常造访的不安全的地方
A: ♣近  brute, devil, evildoer, fiend, knave, miscreant, rascal, reprobate, rogue, savage, scamp, varlet, wretch
A: ♣反  saint 圣人；cavalier, chevalier （尤指对女士）彬彬有礼的绅士

Q:rapt  [ræpt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 狂喜的： experiencing or marked by overwhelming usually pleasurable emotion
A: ♣例  a rock band that still attracts rapt crowds 一个仍然拥有者狂热粉丝的乐队
A: ♣近  elated, elevated, enraptured, entranced, euphoric, exhilarated, intoxicated, rapturous, rhapsodic
A: ♣反  crestfallen, dejected, depressed 沮丧的；doleful, gloomy, melancholy, mournful, woeful 哀伤的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 全神贯注的：deeply absorbed; engrossed
A: ♣例  With a mixture of delight and awe, the rapt children stared at the chick in the incubator breaking out of its shell. 怀着愉快和敬畏的复杂心理，孩子们全神贯注地盯着孵化箱中的小鸡破壳而出。
A: ♣近  absorbed, concentrated, deep, engrossed, enthralled, focused, immersed, intent, observant
A: ♣反  absent, abstracted, distracted, inattentive 不专心的；apathetic, disinterested, unconcerned 冷漠的，不关心的

Q:rarefy  ['rεərifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使稀薄： to make rare, thin, porous, or less dense: to expand without the addition of matter
A: ♣例  rarefy the air 使空气变得稀薄
A: ♣近  attenuate, dilute, thin
A: ♣反  concentrate, condense 使稠密，浓缩
A: ♣派  rarefaction n. 稀薄，稀疏

Q:rash  [ræʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 草率的，仓促的： marked by or proceeding from undue haste or lack of deliberation or caution
A: ♣例  That was too rash a move: for now you've lost your bishop and probably the whole chess game. 那一招棋着实是太草率了，现在你丢掉了象，很有可能会输掉整场比赛。
A: ♣近  cursory, gadarene, headlong, hurried, overhasty, precipitate, precipitous, rushed
A: ♣反  deliberate 慎重考虑的；leisurely, unhurried, unrushed 从容不迫的，不慌不忙的
A: ♣派  rashly adv. 草率地，仓促地

Q:raspy  ['rɑ:spi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 声音刺耳的： harsh and dry in sound
A: ♣例  The dying man was speaking in a raspy and barely discernible voice. 将死的人在用一种沙哑刺耳且难以听清的语调说话。
A: ♣近  cacophonous, coarse, croaky, harsh, grating, gravelly, gruff, husky, rasping, rusty, scratchy, throaty
A: ♣反  mellifluous, sweet 声音甜美的；gentle, soft, tender 声音轻柔的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 容易生气的： easily irritated or annoyed
A: ♣例  Overwork tends to make him raspy. 过度的工作让他变得烦躁易怒。
A: ♣近  choleric, fiery, grouchy, irascible, peevish, pettish, petulant, prickly, ratty, testy
A: ♣反  agreeable, amiable, good-natured, good-tempered, well-disposed 脾气性格好的

Q:ratify  ['rætifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （官方地）认可，批准： to give official acceptance of as satisfactory
A: ♣例  Lincoln's home state of Illinois was the first to ratify the 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which provided for the abolition of slavery. 林肯的老家——伊利诺伊是美国第一个通过《宪法第十三修正案》的州，该决案提供了废除奴隶制的法律基础。
A: ♣近  accredit, approbate, authorize, certify, endorse, finalize, formalize, pass, sanction, validate, warrant
A: ♣反  decline, deny, disallow, disapprove, negative, reject, veto 否决
A: ♣派  ratification n. 正式批准

Q:ratiocination  [,rætiɔsi'neiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 推理： the thought processes that have been established as leading to valid solutions to problems
A: ♣例  As an expert in ratiocination, the detective Sherlock Holmes has few rivals. 作为推理专家，大侦探福尔摩斯可谓无人能及。
A: ♣近  deduction, intellection, reason, reasoning, sense

Q:ration  ['ræʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 定额供应量，配给量： an amount allotted or made available especially from a limited supply
A: ♣例  The meat ration was down to one pound per person per week. 肉的人均供给量降至了每周一磅。
A: ♣近  allotment, allowance, apportionment, portion, provision, quota, share
A: ♠考法2  vt. 按比例分配： to give as a share or portion
A: ♣例  The region has had to ration water during times of drought. 干旱时该地区不得不按比例分配水资源。
A: ♣近  allocate, allot, allow, apportion, assign, distribute, lot
A: ♣反  keep, retain, withhold 扣留，拒接给予

Q:rational  ['ræʃənəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 合乎逻辑的： consistent with or based on reason; logical
A: ♣例  He insisted there was a rational explanation for the strange creaking noises and that there were no such things as ghosts. 他坚持认为奇怪的咯吱声一定有一个合理的解释，而不是所谓的鬼在作怪。
A: ♣近  analytic, coherent, consequent, logical, reasonable, sensible, sound, valid, well-founded, well-grounded
A: ♣反  illogical, incoherent, inconsequent, invalid, irrational, unreasonable, unsound, weak 不合逻辑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 理性的： based on sound reasoning or information
A: ♣例  Betting all of your savings on the lottery is not a rational move. 把你所有的存款赌在彩票上可不是一个理智的决定。
A: ♣近  commonsensical, firm, informed, just, justified, levelheaded, sober, solid
A: ♣反  groundless, unfounded, unjustified 无理由的，无根据的
A: ♣派  rationalize v. 使合理化；找借口

Q:rave  [reiv]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 狂热赞扬： to make an exaggerated display of affection or enthusiasm
A: ♣例  Critics raved about the new play. 新剧得到了评论家们的热烈赞扬。
A: ♣近  drool, effuse, enthuse, fuss, rhapsodize, slobber
A: ♣反  blame, censure, condemn, criticize, denounce, pan, reprehend 批评，指责
A: ♠考法2  vi. （发疯般地）怒吼： to talk irrationally and wildly in or as if in delirium
A: ♣例  a man standing outside the city hall,raving like a lunatic about his tax bill 站在市政大厅外、像疯子一样叫嚷着自己税单的人
A: ♣近  bluster, fulminate, huff, rant, roar, spout
A: ♣反  grumble, murmur, mutter 小声抱怨

Q:ravel  ['rævəl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 解开，松开： to separate the various strands of
A: ♣例  Since the sweater is too small, you could ravel the yarnout and make something else with it. 既然这个毛衣太大，你可以把它拆了然后织些新的东西。
A: ♣近  disentangle, extricate, unbraid, unsnarl, untwine, unweave
A: ♣反  braid, knit, plait, weave 编织
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阐明： to clarify by separating the aspects of
A: ♣近  clarify, clear, elucidate, untangle, unravel
A: ♣反  complex, complicate, entangle, perplex, sophisticate, snarl, tangle 使复杂化
A: ♠考法3  vt. 使纠缠，使复杂化： to tangle or complicate
A: ♣例  a ravelled story 一个复杂的故事
A: ♣近  complex, complicate, entangle, perplex, sophisticate, snarl, tangle
A: ♣近  clarify, clear, elucidate, untangle, unravel 阐明

Q:ravenous  ['rævənəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 食量大的，贪食的： having a huge appetite
A: ♣例  He had moderated his ravenous appetite. 他克制了自己的食欲。‖ravenous for power 渴望权力
A: ♣近  edacious, esurient, gluttonous, greedy, rapacious, voracious
A: ♣反  content, sated, satiated, satisfied 心满意足的

Q:ravish  ['ræviʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使陶醉，使沉迷： to overcome with emotion (as wonder or delight)
A: ♣例  I was completely ravished by those marvelous pictures taken by HST. 那些哈勃太空望远镜拍摄的壮观图片让我彻底的陶醉了。
A: ♣近  captivate, enchant, enrapture, enthrall, rapture, transport
A: ♣反  disenchant, sober 使清醒
A: ♣派  ravishing adj. 极美丽的

Q:raze  [reiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 摧毁，粉碎： to destroy completely by or as if by knocking down or breaking to pieces
A: ♣例  Excavators were began to raze old school building. 挖土机开始夷平学校的老建筑。‖An entire city block razed by a terrible fire. 大火摧毁了整个街区。
A: ♣近  annihilate, decimate, demolish, devastate, level, nuke, pulverize, ruin, smash, vaporize, wreck, tear down
A: ♣反  build, construct, erect, raise, rear, set up 建造
A: ♣派  razor n. 剃须刀

Q:react  [ri'ækt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 做出反应： to act or behave in response (as to a stimulus or influence)
A: ♣例  didn't know how to react to the cheers of the crowd 不知如何对人群的欢呼声做出回应
A: ♣近  answer, reply, respond
A: ♣派  reaction n. 反应；reactant n. （化学反应当中的）反应物

Q:reactionary  [ri'ækʃənəri]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 反对变革的，极保守的： characterized by reaction, especially opposition to progress or liberalism; extremely conservative
A: ♣例  reactionary rulers 保守的统治者
A: ♣近  brassbound, conservative, die-hard, hidebound, traditionalistic, ultraconservative
A: ♣反  liberal 允许变革的；progressive 进步的；radical, aggressive 激进的

Q:ream  [ri:m]
A: ♠考法1  v. 怒斥，训斥：to criticize (someone) severely or angrily especially for personal failings
A: ♣例  You are so going to get reamed out when the boss learns that you wrecked the company car. 要是老板知道你把公司的车弄坏了，你肯定会挨骂的。
A: ♣近  baste, berate, castigate, chastise, hammer, lambaste, rail, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, upbraid
A: ♣反  accredit, applaud, commend, eulogize, extol, laud, praise 表扬，赞扬

Q:reap  [ri:p]
A: ♠考法1  v. 收割，收获： to collect (a crop or natural resource) or to receive as return for effort
A: ♣例  As you sow, so shall you reap. 唯有付出，才有回报。‖She reaped large profits from her patents. 她的专利给她带来了丰厚的回报。
A: ♣近  acquire, attain, capture, harvest, gain, garner, obtain, procure, secure
A: ♣反  plant, seed, sow 种植，播种；forfeit, lose 丧失，没收
A: ♣派  reaper n. 收割机；死神

Q:reassure  [,ri:ə'ʃuə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使安心，打消疑虑： to restore to confidence
A: ♣例  I tried to reassure her that the dog would come back home by nightfall. 我尽力让她安心，说夜幕降临之前小狗一定会回家的。
A: ♣近  assure, cheer, console, solace, soothe
A: ♣反  distress, torment, torture, trouble 使忧虑，折磨
A: ♣派  reassurance n. 消除疑虑

Q:rebuff  [ri'bʌf]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 严词拒绝： to reject or criticize sharply
A: ♣例  rebuffed an invitation from her colleagues 回绝了同事们的邀请‖She rebuffed him when he asked her for a date. 她拒绝了他约会的邀请。
A: ♣近  decline, deny, refuse, reject, repudiate, repulse, snub, spurn
A: ♣反  accept 接受；approve 赞同；welcome 欢迎

Q:recalcitrant  [ri'kælsitrənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顽抗的，不顺从的： marked by stubborn resistance to and defiance of authority or guidance
A: ♣例  a recalcitrant teenager 执拗的少年‖The manager worried that the recalcitrant employee would try to undermine his authority. 经理担心那些不听命的员工会削弱它的权威。
A: ♣近  balky, contumacious, defiant, incompliant, insubordinate, intractable, obstreperous, rebellious, refractory, unruly
A: ♣反  amenable, compliant, conformable, docile, governable, obedient, ruly, submissive, tractable 服从的，顺从的
A: ♣派  recalcitrance n. 固执，不服从命令

Q:recant  [ri'kænt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 撤回，放弃，改变： to withdraw or repudiate (a statement or belief) formally and publicly
A: ♣例  The man has refused after torture to recant his heresy. 这个人在受折磨后依旧拒绝放弃他的异教信仰。
A: ♣近  abjure, abnegate, forswear, renege, renounce, repeal, repudiate, retract, withdraw
A: ♣反  adhere, insist, maintain, stick 坚持
A: ♣派  recantation n. 改变论调

Q:recessive  [ri'sesiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （基因等）隐性的，由隐形基因控制的： of, relating to, or designating an allele that does not produce a characteristic effect when present with a dominant allele
A: ♣例  a recessive disease 阴性基因控制的疾病
A: ♣反  dominant 显性的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 内向的，内敛的： not comfortable around people
A: ♣例  For such a recessive genius, the most comfortable thing is working alone in his lab. 对于这样一个内向的天才而言，最舒服的事情就是一个人在实验室里干活。
A: ♣近  backward, bashful, coy, demure, diffident, introverted, modest, retiring, self-effacing, sheepish, withdrawn
A: ♣反  extroverted, immodest, outgoing 外向的；gregarious, sociable 好交际的
A: ♣派  recession n. 后退，衰退

Q:recidivate  [ri'sidiveit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 回到原先的习惯，尤指重新犯罪： to return to a previous pattern of behavior, especially to return to criminal habits
A: ♣例  The suspect has recidivated for several times. 这个嫌犯是个惯犯了
A: ♣近  regress, relapse, retrogress, revert
A: ♣近  habilitate, reclaim, redeem, regenerate, rehabilitate 洗心革面
A: ♣派  recidivism n. 再犯，重犯；recidivist n. 再次犯罪的人

Q:reciprocate  [ri'siprəkeit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 往复运动： to move forward and backward alternately
A: ♣例  According to Marx’s economic principle, the average price of a certain product should be reciprocating over its value. 根据马克思的经济学理论，商品的平均价格应该在它的价值周边波动。
A: ♣近  fluctuate, oscillate, sway, swing, vacillate
A: ♠考法2  vt. 报答，回报： to return in kind or degree
A: ♣例  reciprocated the favor by driving their neighbor to the airport 开车送邻居去机场以还人情
A: ♣近  recompense, repay, requite, retaliate, return
A: ♣反  owe 欠（钱、人情等）
A: ♣派  reciprocal adj. 相互之间的，互惠的

Q:reckless  ['reklis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不考虑后果的，大胆鲁莽的： careless of consequences; foolishly adventurous or bold
A: ♣例  His reckless driving accounted for the accident. 他鲁莽的开车行为导致了这场事故。
A: ♣近  audacious, bold, brash, brassy, brazen, careless, daredevil, rash, madcap, temerarious
A: ♣反  careful, cautious, circumspect, guarded, heedful, prudent, wary 慎重的，小心的

Q:recluse  [ri'klu:s]
A: ♠考法1  n. 隐士： a person who lives away from others
A: ♣例  He was sick of cities and crowds, so he decided to go live by himself in the woods as a recluse. 他厌倦了城市和拥挤的人群，因此他决定像隐士一样遁隐山林。
A: ♣近  anchorite, eremite, hermit, isolate, solitary
A: ♠考法2  adj. 隐居的，不爱社交的： marked by withdrawal from society
A: ♣例  a recluse poet who left a large amount of literature legacies 一个留下了大量文学遗产的隐居诗人‖My neihgbor is so recluse that I only see him about once a year. 我的邻居太神秘了，一般我一年只能见他一面。
A: ♣近  cloistered, hermetic, secluded, secluse, seclusive, sequestered
A: ♣反  gregarious, social 好交际的
A: ♣派  reclusive adj. 隐居的

Q:recoil  [ri'kɔil]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 退却，畏缩： to shrink back, as under pressure or in fear or repugnance
A: ♣例  recoil from the snake 因为害怕蛇而畏缩不前‖She recoiled from his touch. 她因害怕与他接触而退缩
A: ♣近  blench, cringe, flinch,quail, shrink, squinch, wince
A: ♣反  confront, meet 面对

Q:reconcile  ['rekənsail]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使和解，协调： to restore to friendship or harmony
A: ♣例  Historians have never been able to reconcile the two eyewitness accounts of the battle. 历史学家们一直以来都无法协调这场战役两种记载之间的矛盾。
A: ♣近  accommodate, attune, conciliate, conform, coordinate, harmonize, key
A: ♣反  disharmonize 使不和谐；estrange 离间
A: ♣派  reconciliation n. 协调

Q:recondite  [ri'kɔndait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 深奥的，难解的： difficult or impossible for one of ordinary understanding or knowledge to comprehend
A: ♣例  I think Quantum Mechanics and Random Process arethe two most recondite courses in our curriculum this semester. 我觉得量子力学和随机过程是这学期课表中最难的两门课程
A: ♣近  abstruse, arcane, deep, enigmatic, esoteric, hermetic, occult, profound
A: ♣反  facile, shallow, superficial 肤浅的；easy, simple 简单的

Q:reconnoiter  [,rekə'nɔitə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 侦察，勘查： to make a preliminary inspection of, especially in order to gather military information
A: ♣例  The wide utilization of unmanned aerial vehicles makes it much less risky to reconnoiter a certain area. 无人飞行器的广泛运用大大减少了军事侦察的风险
A: ♣近  probe,scout, survey
A: ♣派  reconnaissance n. 侦察

Q:reconstitute  [,ri:'kɔnstitju:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 重建，（尤其是通过加水）使复原： to constitute again or anew; to restore to a former condition, especiallyby adding water
A: ♣例  reconstitute dried coffee powder冲咖啡‖Slowly Jewish communities ravaged by Nazi Germany were reconstituted and life began anew.被纳粹德国摧残的犹太人社区慢慢得以重建，新的生活开始了。
A: ♣近  reconstruct, reorder, reorganize, reshuffle, retool
A: ♣近  annihilate, decimate, demolish, devastate, level, nuke, pulverize, ruin, smash, vaporize, wreck 摧毁
A: ♣派  reconstitution n. （加水）复原

Q:reconvene  [,ri:kən'vi:n]
A: ♠考法1  v. 重新集合，重新召集：to gather, call together, or summon again, especially for a formal meeting
A: ♣例  The leaders will reconvene tomorrow. 明天领导们会再次召开会议。
A: ♣近  reassemble
A: ♣反  adjourn, suspend 休会

Q:rectitude  ['rektitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 正直： the quality or state of being straight; moral integrity
A: ♣例  The principal encouraged the graduates to go on to live lives of rectitude. 校长鼓励毕业生们在今后的生活中做一个正直的人。
A: ♣近  honesty, integrity, probity, righteousness, scrupulousness, uprightness, virtue, virtuousness
A: ♣反  badness, evil, immorality, iniquity, sin, villainy, wickedness 邪恶，罪恶

Q:recumbent  [ri'kʌmbənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 躺着的： lying down, especially in a position of comfort or rest
A: ♣例  lying recumbent on the floor 躺在地板上势
A: ♣近  decumbent, procumbent, prone, prostrate, reclining, supine
A: ♣反  erect, upright 直立的

Q:recuperate  [ri'kju:pəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 恢复（健康或力量），康复： to recover health or strength
A: ♣例  He is gradually recuperating from a serious back injury. 他正渐渐地从严重的背部损伤中恢复过来。
A: ♣近  convalesce, heal, rally, recoup, recover, rehabilitate
A: ♣反  deteriorate, flag, wane, weaken 衰退，变得衰弱；die, expire, perish, pass away 死亡
A: ♣派  recuperative adj. 有助于康复的

Q:redeem  [ri'di:m]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 实践，履行（诺言等）： to do what is required by the terms of
A: ♣例  The coach redeemed his promise to take the players out for ice cream if they improved their fielding over the season. 教练履行了他的诺言，那就是如果球员们能够在赛季中提升防守能力的话，他就请他们吃冰淇淋。
A: ♣近  answer, complete, comply, fill, fulfill, keep, meet, satisfy
A: ♣反  breach, break, transgress, violate 违反，违背
A: ♠考法2  vt. 改过自新： to make better in behavior or character
A: ♣例  The unfaithful husband made a determined effort to redeem himself in the eyes of his wife and children. 在妻子和孩子的监督下，不忠的丈夫下定决心要改过自新。
A: ♣近  habilitate, reclaim, redeem, regenerate, rehabilitate
A: ♣派  redeemable adj. 可赎回的，可挽救的

Q:redolent  ['redəulənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 芳香的： having or emitting fragrance
A: ♣例  be redolent with the aroma of baking bread 充满了烤面包的香味
A: ♣近  ambrosial, aromatic, fragrant, perfumed, savory, scented, sweet
A: ♣反  unscented 没有香味的；fetid, foul, malodorous, noisome, rancid, reeky, stinky 恶臭的，腐臭的
A: ♣派  redolence n. 芳香，香味

Q:redoubtable  [ri'dautəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 杰出的，值得尊敬的： worthy of respect or honor
A: ♣例  a surprising discovery by one of the most redoubtable figures in Egyptian archaeology 埃及考古学领域最值得敬重的人物之一所做出的一个惊人发现
A: ♣近  bright, distinguished, illustrious, luminous, notable, noteworthy, outstanding, preeminent, prestigious
A: ♣反  average, inferior, mediocre 平庸的，中等偏下的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 可怕的： arousing fear or awe
A: ♣例  His next opponent would be by far the most redoubtable adversary the young boxer had ever faced. 年轻的拳击手的下一个对手将会是迄今为止他见过的最可怕的敌人
A: ♣近  direful, dreadful, fearsome, formidable, frightening, ghastly, horrifying, intimidating, scary, terrifying
A: ♣反  calming, comforting, consoling, lulling, pacifying, quieting, reassuring, relaxing, soothing 令人放松的

Q:redundant  [ri'dʌndənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多余的，冗余的： exceeding what is necessary or normal
A: ♣例  This area is already chockablock with shopping malls; another one would be redundant. 这个地区已经是商场扎堆了，再建一个完全是多此一举。
A: ♣近  excess, extra, supererogatory, superfluous, supernumerary, surplus
A: ♣反  deficient, inadequate, insufficient, meager, niggardly, scant, scarce, short, sparse 缺乏，稀疏
A: ♣派  redundancy n. 过剩，过多

Q:reel  [ri:l]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 感到眩晕： to be in a confused state as if from being twirled around
A: ♣例  My head reeled with the facts and figures. 我的头脑被这些事实和数据给弄晕了。‖His mind reeled upon hearing the news that his employer had been indicted for fraud. 当他听到雇主因为欺诈而被起诉时，他顿觉天旋地转。
A: ♣近  spin, swirl, turn, whirl
A: ♣反  calm 保持镇定
A: ♠考法2  vi. 蹒跚地走路： to move forward while swaying from side to side
A: ♣例  The drunkard reeled down the alley. 醉汉蹒跚地沿着小巷走去
A: ♣近  careen, dodder, falter, lurch, stagger, stumble, teeter, totter, waddle

Q:referee  [,refə'ri:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 仲裁者；裁判员： a person who impartially decides or resolves a dispute or controversy
A: ♣例  served as the unofficial referee in disputes over the family business 作为一个非官方协调员，解决家庭事务中的纠纷
A: ♣近  adjudicator, arbiter, arbitrator, judge, umpire
A: ♠考法2  vt. （就纠纷或争议）给出意见： to give an opinion about (something at issue or in dispute)
A: ♣例  Their father usually ends up refereeing any disputes concerning use of the big TV. 最后往往是他们的父亲决定该看什么电视频道，从而解决了相关争执。
A: ♣近  adjudge, adjudicate, arbitrate, decide, determine, settle
A: ♣反  consult 咨询

Q:refine  [ri'fain]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 提纯，精炼：to free (as metal, sugar, or oil) from impurities or unwanted material
A: ♣例  Oil is refined so as to remove naturally occurring impurities. 原油通过精炼可去除其中天然存在的杂质。
A: ♣近  filter, garble, purify, winnow
A: ♣反  adulterate, contaminate, pollute 掺杂，污染
A: ♠考法2  vt. 改善，改进： to improve or perfect by pruning or polishing
A: ♣例  You’d better refine your backhand before the big tennis match if you want to throne. 如果你想获得冠军的话，你最好在网球大赛开赛前再提升一下反手的技术。
A: ♣近  ameliorate, amend, better, enhance, enrich, help, meliorate, perfect, polish, upgrade
A: ♣反  deteriorate, worsen 恶化，降低
A: ♣派  refined adj. （物品）精雕细琢的，（人）彬彬有礼的；refinery n. 炼油厂

Q:reflect  [ri'flekt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 反射： to prevent passage of and cause to change direction
A: ♣例  The color of an objective is largely determined by what light it reflects. 物体的颜色很大程度上是由它能反射的光所决定的。‖Mirrors indiscriminately reflect all visible lights. 镜子不加区分地反射所有的可见光。
A: ♣反  absorb吸收
A: ♠考法2  vt. 反映，显露： to make manifest or apparent: show
A: ♣例  Her book clearly reflects her religious beliefs. 她的书反映了她的宗教信仰。‖Where you come fromcould be easily reflected in your accent. 你的口音可以轻易地暴露你来自哪里。
A: ♣近  bespeak, betray, demonstrate, evince, manifest, reveal, show
A: ♣反  conceal, cover, hide, mask, obscure, occlude, veil 隐藏
A: ♠考法3  vi. 思考： to think seriously
A: ♣例  I reflected on my path as an undergraduate and my future as a PhD candidate. 我思考了我作为一名本科生的成长足迹以及我读博士的未来。
A: ♣近  consider, cogitate, contemplate, deliberate, meditate, muse, ponder, ruminate, think
A: ♣派  reflective adj. 思考的，深思熟虑的

Q:refractory  [ri'fræktəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 倔强的，不顺从的： resisting control or authority
A: ♣例  Refractory players will be ejected from the game. 不服从裁判命令的球员将会被驱逐出场。
A: ♣近  balky, contumacious, defiant, incompliant, insubordinate, intractable, obstreperous, rebellious, refractory, unruly
A: ♣反  amenable, compliant, conformable, docile, governable, obedient, ruly, submissive, tractable 服从的，顺从的

Q:refreshing  [ri'freʃiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人心身振奋的，提神的： having a renewing effect on the state of the body or mind
A: ♣例  A glass of cold water is very refreshing on such a hot day. 大热天里的一杯冰水真是让人心旷神怡。‖It is refreshing to hear some good news about him. 能听到他的好消息真是让人振奋。
A: ♣近  bracing, cordial, invigorating, rejuvenating, restorative, reviving, stimulating, stimulative, vitalizing
A: ♣反  deadening, debilitating, draining, enervating, enfeebling, exhausting, sapping, wearying 令人虚弱的

Q:refulgent  [ri'fʌldʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 辉煌的，灿烂的： shining radiantly; resplendent
A: ♣例  Refulgent sunlight broke through the clouds, creating huge swaths of light in the valley below us. 耀眼的阳光穿透了云层，在我们脚下的峡谷中投下了一块巨大的光斑
A: ♣近  beaming, brilliant, dazzling, incandescent, lucid, luminous, lustrous, radiant, resplendent, splendid
A: ♣反  dim, dull, lackluster 黯淡无光的
A: ♣派  refulgence n. 灿烂，光芒四射

Q:refute  [ri'fju:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 否认： to declare not to be true
A: ♣例  While the speak woman was publicly refuting rumors of a merger, behind the scenes the CEO was working to effect that very outcome. 尽管女发言人一再公开否认合并的谣言，首席执行官却在幕后为这一目标而努力。
A: ♣近  contradict, disaffirm, disavow, disclaim, disconfirm, deny, gainsay, negate, negative, reject, repudiate
A: ♣反  acknowledge, admit, avow, concede, confirm 承认
A: ♠考法2  vt. 证明为假，证伪： to prove wrong by argument or evidence: show to be false or erroneous
A: ♣例  The triumph of Chinese athlete Liu Xiang in the 2004 Olympics effectively refuted the views that Asians are physically inferior to others. 中国运动员刘翔在2004年雅典奥运会上的胜利有效地驳斥了亚洲人在体格上不如其他人种的观点。
A: ♣近  belie, confute, debunk, discredit, falsify, rebut, shoot down
A: ♣反  confirm, prove, validate, verify 证明为真，证实
A: ♣派  refutable adj.可辩驳的

Q:regenerate  [ri'dʒenəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使重获新生，使焕然一新： to bring back to life, practice, activity or a former condition of vigor
A: ♣例  The lizard is able to regenerate its tail. 蜥蜴能够重新长出断尾。‖The whole community was regenerated thanks to a government grant for repairing all the old buildings. 多亏了政府用于维修老楼的专项拨款，整个社区焕然一新。
A: ♣近  recharge, refresh, rejuvenate, rekindle, renew, restore, resurrect, resuscitate, revitalize, revivify
A: ♣反  degenerate, deteriorate, worsen 衰退，恶化
A: ♠考法2  vi./vt. （使）洗心革面： to make better in behavior or character
A: ♣例  Every time he made a mistake, he would promise to regenerate. 每次犯错他都会保证洗心革面，下次不再犯。
A: ♣近  habilitate, reclaim, redeem, rehabilitate
A: ♣派  regeneration n. 复兴

Q:regimen  ['redʒimen]
A: ♠考法1  n. （政治上的）统治： lawful control over the affairs of a political unit (as a nation)
A: ♣例  A new party will have regimen over the nation and, hopefully, bring some much-needed change. 一个新的政党将要上台，希望他们能带来一些迫切的改革。
A: ♣近  administration, authority, governance, jurisdiction, regime

Q:regress  [ri'ɡres]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 后退： to go back; move backward
A: ♣例  To stand still is to regress.不进则退。
A: ♣近  retrogress, return, revert
A: ♣反  advance, develop, evolve, progress 前进，发展
A: ♠考法2  vi. 退化，恶化： to become worse or of less value
A: ♣例  The annual celebration has regressed to the point where it's nothing more than an excuse to get drunk. 年度的庆祝活动已经堕落成一个尽情喝醉的借口了。
A: ♣近  atrophy, crumble, decay, decline, degenerate, descend, deteriorate, ebb, retrograde, rot, sink, worsen
A: ♣近  ameliorate, improve, meliorate 改善
A: ♣派  regressive adj. 后退的，退化的；regression n. 后退，退化

Q:rehabilitate  [,ri:hə'biliteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使复原，使康复： to restore to a former state (as of efficiency, good management, or solvency) or a healthy condition
A: ♣例  new policies in hopes of rehabilitating the national economy 被指望能振兴国家经济的新政策‖She decided to undergo physical therapy to help rehabilitate her broken elbow. 她决定采取理疗来治疗受伤的手肘。
A: ♣近  cure, fix, mend, rejuvenate, resuscitate, revitalize, revive, set up
A: ♣近  debilitate, enervate, enfeeble, weaken 使虚弱；relapse 旧病复发
A: ♠考法2  vi./vt. （使）洗心革面： to make better in behavior or character
A: ♣例  an organization that rehabilitates criminals so they can reenter society 一个让罪犯洗心革面的机构，以便让他们能重返社会
A: ♣近  habilitate, reclaim, redeem, regenerate
A: ♣派  rehabilitation n. 康复，复原

Q:rehearsal  [ri'hə:səl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 排练，彩排： the act of practicing in preparation for a public performance
A: ♣例  We made a few mistakes in rehearsal, but we were pretty sure that we'd be OK on opening night. 彩排过程中我们犯了几个错误，但正式开幕式当晚我们有信心做得很好。
A: ♣近  practice, trial, dry run
A: ♣反  extemporization, impromptu, improvisation （无准备的）即兴表演

Q:reign  [rein]
A: ♠考法1  n. 统治权： the right or means to command or control others
A: ♣例  A healthy nation should be governed by the reign of law and not by the will of its chief executive. 一个健康的国家应该是法制的，而非由最高领导人的意志统领。‖They accused him of carrying out a reign of terror. 他们指责他搞独裁暴政。
A: ♣近  arm, authority, clutch, command, control, dominion, grip, hold, mastery, sway
A: ♣反  impotence, impotency, powerlessness 无权，无能
A: ♠考法2  vi. 占统治地位或盛行：to be predominant or prevalent
A: ♣例  Chaos reigned in the classroom. 整个教室充满了混乱。‖Panic reigned as the fire spread. 随着大火的扩散，恐慌也迅速蔓延。
A: ♣近  dominate, domineer, prevail, predominate, rule

Q:rein  [rein]
A: ♠考法1  n. 抑制，限制： the act or practice of keeping something (as an activity) within certain boundaries
A: ♣例  The oversight committee called on the corporation to keep a much tighter rein on the activities of its contractors. 监督委员会要求这个公司对其承包商的行为采取更为严格的管控。
A: ♣近  circumscription, confinement, limitation, stint
A: ♠考法2  vi. 抑制，控制： to keep from exceeding a desirable degree or level (as of expression)
A: ♣例  A good man knows how to rein in his temper. 君子知道如何按捺住火气。
A: ♣近  bridle, check, constrain, contain, curb, govern, hold, inhibit, keep, measure, regulate, restrain, rule, tame
A: ♣反  liberate,loose, loosen,unleash 释放，不再加以管束

Q:reiterate  [ri:'itəreit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 重申： to say or state again
A: ♣例  Let me reiterate our stance. 让我来重述我们的立场。‖I want to reiterate that under no circumstances are you to leave the house. 我想再次重申：无论如何你都不能离开这间房子。
A: ♣近  chime, din, iterate, recapitulate, rehearse, repeat

Q:rejoice  [ri'dʒɔis]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 欣喜，喜悦： to feel joy or great delight
A: ♣例  We rejoiced over our unexpected victory on the soccer field. 我们为预料之外的足球胜利而感到欢喜。
A: ♣近  crow, delight, exuberate, glory, jubilate, joy, kvell, triumph
A: ♣反  bemoan, bewail, deplore, grieve, lament, moan, mourn, regret, weep 感到伤感，痛苦或遗憾
A: ♣派  rejoiced adj. 高兴的

Q:relapse  [ri:'leæps]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 故态复萌，再犯： to slip or fall back into a former worse state
A: ♣例  The patient wondered whether his illness would relapse. 病人想知道他的病会不会复发。
A: ♣近  recidivate, regress, retrogress, revert
A: ♣近  habilitate, reclaim, redeem, regenerate 变好，洗心革面；convalesce, rehabilitate 康复

Q:release  [ri'li:s]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 排放： to throw or give off
A: ♣例  We bought an air freshener that releases a pleasing scent into the room. 我们买了一个能向房间里释放怡人香味的空气净化机。
A: ♣近  cast, exhale, expel, irradiate, issue, vent
A: ♣反  absorb 吸收
A: ♠考法2  vt. 释放，使获得自由： to set free from restraint, confinement, or servitude
A: ♣例  The government was asked to release the prisoners immediately. 政府被要求立即释放囚犯。
A: ♣近  discharge, disenthrall, emancipate, enfranchise, liberate, loose, loosen, manumit, unchain, unfetter
A: ♣反  bind, confine, enchain, fetter, restrain 限制自由
A: ♠考法3  vt. 解雇： to let go from office, service, or employment
A: ♣例  They released the workers who couldn't handle the new technology. 他们解雇了所有不能掌握新技术的工人。
A: ♣近  bounce, cashier, dismiss, fire, remove, retire, sack, terminate
A: ♣反  employ, engage, hire 雇用

Q:relentless  [ri'lentlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 残酷的，无情的： showing or promising no abatement of severity, intensity, strength, or pace
A: ♣例  He was the most teacher enemy I have ever known. 他是我所知的最狠的老师。
A: ♣近  grim, inexorable, ironfisted, merciless, mortal, ruthless, unrelenting
A: ♣反  charitable, clement, merciful, lenient 仁慈的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 固执的，不肯妥协的： showing no signs of slackening or yielding in one's purpose
A: ♣例  The team's offense was relentless in trying to score. 进攻球员毫不妥协地努力得分。
A: ♣近  adamant, dogged, headstrong, mulish, obdurate, pertinacious, rigid, uncompromising, unyielding
A: ♣反  acquiescent, amenable, compliant, complying, flexible, pliable, pliant, relenting, yielding 易屈服的

Q:relevant  ['reləvənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有关系的，重要的： having a bearing on or connection with the matter at hand
A: ♣例  Make sure your answers during the interview are short and relevant. 确保你在面试时的回答简短而恰当。‖You need to bring all the relevant certificates with you. 你需要携带所有的相关证明。
A: ♣近  applicable, apposite, apropos, germane, material, pertinent, pointed, relative
A: ♣反  extraneous, immaterial, impertinent, inapplicable, inapposite, irrelevant, pointless 无关的
A: ♣派  relevance n. 关联

Q:religion  [ri'lidʒən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 宗教，信仰： a body of beliefs and practices regarding the supernatural and the worship of one or more deities
A: ♣例  The Jewish religion has followers in many parts of the globe. 犹太教在全球范围内有大量信徒。
A: ♣近  credo, creed, cult, faith, persuasion
A: ♠考法2  n. （对于宗教信仰的）忠诚，虔诚： belief and trust in and loyalty to God
A: ♣例  Without his religion, he would not have been able to survive all the difficulties he has faced over the years. 如果不是他的虔诚，他是不可能渡过这些年来一直面临的难关的。
A: ♣近  devotion, piety
A: ♣反  atheism, godlessness 无神论
A: ♣派  religious adj. 宗教的，忠诚的

Q:relinquish  [ri'liŋkwiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 放弃（职位、权力等）： to give up (as a position of authority) formally
A: ♣例  She relinquished his position to the company's vice president with very mixed feelings. 怀着十分复杂的情感，她放弃了公司副总裁的职位。
A: ♣近  abnegate, cede, renounce, resign, surrender
A: ♣近  inaugurate 就职；usurp 篡位
A: ♠考法2  vt. 移交，交出： to give (something) over to the control or possession of another usually under duress
A: ♣例  The boy reluctantly relinquished the illegal fireworks to the police officer. 小男孩不情愿地把非法的焰火交给了警察。‖The court ordered him to relinquish custody of his child. 法庭要求他交出孩子的监护权。
A: ♣近  deliver, render, yield, turn in, turn over
A: ♣反  keep, retain, withhold 保留，不给予

Q:relish  ['reliʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喜好，偏好： an appetite for something; a strong appreciation or liking
A: ♣例  She has great relish for early morning walks, which she takes nearly every day. 她对早晨散步有格外的喜好——几乎每天早上她都会如此。
A: ♣近  appetite, fancy, favor, fondness, like, love, partiality, preference, taste
A: ♣反  aversion, disfavor, disgust, dislike, distaste, hatred, loathing 反感，厌恶感
A: ♠考法2  n. （愿望达成时的）高兴，满足感： the feeling experienced when one's wishes are met
A: ♣例  He ate the bowl of ice cream with relish. 他高兴地吃着冰淇淋。
A: ♣近  content, delectation, delight, enjoyment, gladness, gratification, happiness, satisfaction
A: ♣反  discontent, displeasure, dissatisfaction, unhappiness 不满，不悦
A: ♠考法3  vt. 享受，喜欢： to take keen or zestful pleasure in
A: ♣例  He is so hungry that he will relish even plain food. 他是如此的饥饿，以至于普通的食物也能让他满意。
A: ♣近  adore, enjoy, like, love, rejoice, revel, savor
A: ♣反  abhor, abominate, detest, dislike, hate, loathe 厌恶，讨厌

Q:reluctant  [ri'lʌktənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不情愿的，反感的： feeling or showing aversion, hesitation, or unwillingness
A: ♣例  I'm reluctant to let him borrow my CDs since he never gives back anything I lend him. 我很不愿意把我的CD借给他，因为他借了我东西从来不还。
A: ♣近  averse, disinclined, indisposed, loath, unwilling
A: ♣反  willing 乐意的；disposed, inclined 倾向于做某事的；eager 渴望的
A: ♣派  reluctance n. 不愿意，不情愿

Q:remiss  [ri'mis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 疏忽的，不留心的： exhibiting carelessness or slackness
A: ♣例  I would be remiss if I didn't tell you how much I appreciated the lovely gift. 如果我不告诉你我是多么的喜欢这个可爱的礼物的话，那我就太疏忽大意了。
A: ♣近  careless, derelict, disregardful, heedless, lax, lazy, neglectful, neglecting, slack
A: ♣反  attentive, careful, conscientious, meticulous, painstaking, scrupulous 细致的，仔细的

Q:remnant  ['remnənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 残余，剩余物： something left over
A: ♣例  a remnant of his past glory 他辉煌过去的一丝残余‖The shop is selling remnants of cloth at half price. 商店在半价抛售剩余的衣物。
A: ♣近  debris, remainder, remains, residue, vestige

Q:remodel  [,ri:'mɔdəl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 改造，改变结构： to alter the structure of
A: ♣例  We decided to remodel the warehouse into a museum displaying the products of the company. 我们决定把仓库改造成展览我们公司产品的博物馆。
A: ♣近  alter, modify, recast, redo, refashion, remake, revamp, revise, rework, vary
A: ♣反  fix, freeze, set, stabilize 固定

Q:remonstrance  [ri'mɔnstrəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 抗议，抱怨： an expression of protest, complaint, or reproof, especially a formal statement of grievances
A: ♣例  She seems deaf to her son’s remonstrances. 她似乎对儿子的抗议充耳不闻。‖Aggravated by the noisy metro construction, many residents wrote letters of remonstrance to city officials. 许多被地铁建设的噪音激怒的居民向市政府投去了抗议信。
A: ♣近  challenge, complaint, demur, difficulty, fuss, objection, protest, question, remonstration, stink
A: ♣反  acceptance, acquiescence, agreement, approval, assent, sanction 同意，接受

Q:remorse  [ri'mɔ:s]
A: ♠考法1  n. 懊悔，悔恨： moral anguish arising from repentance for past misdeeds; bitter regret
A: ♣例  He felt a deep remorse for having neglected his family over the years. 他为多年来忽略家人的行为表示懊悔。
A: ♣近  contriteness, contrition, penitence, regret, remorsefulness, repentance, rue, self-reproach, shame
A: ♣反  impenitence, remorselessness 不知悔改
A: ♣派  remorseful adj. 懊悔的，悔恨的

Q:remunerate  [ri'mju:nəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 支付报酬或补偿： to pay an equivalent to for a service, loss, or expense
A: ♣例  He promptly remunerated the repair company for fixing the satellite TV. 他迅速地支付了维修公司修卫星电视所应得的酬劳。
A: ♣近  compensate, indemnify, recompense, recoup, redress, remedy, repay, requite
A: ♣派  remunerative adj. 有报酬的

Q:rend  [rend]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 撕裂，猛拉： to tear or split apart or into pieces violently
A: ♣例  Wolves rend a game to pieces. 狼群会把猎物撕成碎片。‖pain that rends the heart 撕心般的痛
A: ♣近  cleave, lacerate, ribbon, rip, rive, rupture, shred, split, tatter, tear
A: ♣反  associate, coalesce, combine, conjoin, conjugate, connect, fuse, interfuse, join, link, unify 联合

Q:renegade  ['reniɡeid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 背教者，叛徒： one who rejects a religion, cause, allegiance, or group for another; a deserter
A: ♣例  A band of renegades who had deserted their infantry units were making their way to Mexico. 一支背叛了他们所属的步兵编队的士兵朝着墨西哥前进。
A: ♣近  apostate, betrayer, defector, deserter, recreant, traitor, turncoat
A: ♣反  adherent, loyalist, partisan忠诚者

Q:renege  [ri'ni:ɡ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 放弃，摒弃： to solemnly or formally reject or go back on (as something formerly adhered to)
A: ♣例  She refused to renege the principles by which she had always lived her life, even if it resulted in losing her business. 尽管有可能使她失去她的事业，但她仍然拒绝放弃她在生命中所坚持的那些原则。
A: ♣近  abnegate, forswear, recant, renounce, repeal, repudiate, retract, withdraw
A: ♣反  adhere 坚持
A: ♣派  renegade n. 叛徒

Q:renounce  [ri'nauns]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （正式地）放弃： to give up, refuse, or resign usually by formal declaration
A: ♣例  renounce his nationality 退出国籍
A: ♣近  abnegate, cede, relinquish, resign, surrender
A: ♣近  inaugurate 就职；usurp 篡位
A: ♠考法2  vt. 宣布与…决裂： to refuse to follow, obey, or recognize any further
A: ♣例  renounce the authority of the church 宣布与教廷彻底决裂
A: ♣近  forswear, recant, renege, repeal, repudiate, retract, withdraw
A: ♣反  adhere, stick 坚持，忠于
A: ♣派  renunciation n. 放弃

Q:renovate  ['renəuveit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 修复，维修： to restore to a former better state (as by cleaning, repairing, or rebuilding)
A: ♣例  We will have to renovate the house extensively before we can move in. 在入住之前我们必须大规模翻修一下这栋房子。
A: ♣近  doctor, fix, patch, recondition, repair, revamp
A: ♣反  blemish, break, damage, deface, disfigure, harm, hurt, impair, injure, mar, ruin, vandalize, wreck 破坏
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使重获新生，使焕然一新：to bring back to life, practice, activity or a former condition of vigor
A: ♣例  The church was renovated by a new ecumenical spirit. 新的宗教领袖的到来让教堂焕发新生。
A: ♣近  recharge, refresh, rejuvenate, rekindle, renew, restore, resurrect, resuscitate, revitalize, revivify
A: ♣反  degenerate, deteriorate, worsen 衰退，恶化

Q:repartee  [,repɑ:'ti:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 机智的回答： a quick witty response
A: ♣例  That repartee to the reporter's question drew laughs from the bystanders. 对记者问题的那个机智回答引来了旁观者的笑声。
A: ♣近  comeback, riposte
A: ♠考法2  n. 打趣，善意的玩笑： good-natured teasing or exchanging of clever remarks
A: ♣例  Repartee is harder to do with text messaging. 用短信开起玩笑来困难多了。
A: ♣近  backchat, badinage, chaff, jesting, joshing, persiflage, raillery

Q:repatriate  [ri:'pætrieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 遣返： to restore or return to the country of origin, allegiance, or citizenship
A: ♣例  As soon as the war ends, the government will start to repatriate war refugees. 只要战争一结束，政府就会开始遣返战争难民。
A: ♣反  banish, deport, expatriate 放逐，驱逐

Q:repeal  [ri'pi:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 撤销，废除（法律等）： to rescind or annul by authoritative act
A: ♣例  In 1933, Congress passed the 21st Amendment which repealed the Prohibition Amendment of 1919 thus making the sale distribution and use of alcohol legal once again. 1933年，国会通过了《第二十一修正案》，该法案废除了于1919年制订的《禁酒法》，从而使得酒的买卖、配送和使用再次合法化。
A: ♣近  abort, abrogate, annul, cancel, disannul, invalidate, negate, null, nullify, rescind, revoke, vacate, void
A: ♣反  continue, keep 继续执行；enact, establish, legislate 立法，制订
A: ♠考法2  vt. 宣布与…决裂： to refuse to follow, obey, or recognize any further
A: ♣例  If I find that you have been lying about this, I'll instantly repeal every promise I made to you. 只要我发现在这个问题上你对我撒了谎，那我们之间的承诺就彻底断裂了。
A: ♣近  forswear, recant, renege, renounce, repudiate, retract, withdraw
A: ♣反  adhere, stick 坚持，忠于

Q:repel  [ri'pel]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 抵制： to fight against; resist
A: ♣例  Self-discipline ensures that you can repel the things that induce you. 自律可以保证你抵制那些诱惑你的事物。‖I repelled the temptation to stay out late and call in sick the next day. 我抵住了晚上玩通宵然后第二天谎称生病的诱惑。
A: ♣近  buck, defy, fight, oppose, resist, withstand
A: ♣反  capitulate, submit, succumb, surrender, yield, give in 屈服
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使厌恶： to cause aversion in: disgust
A: ♣例  Evil odors always repel me. 臭味总是让我恶心。
A: ♣近  disgust, nauseate, repulse, revolt, sicken
A: ♣反  allure, attract, bewitch, captivate, charm, enchant, entice, fascinate, lure, seduce, tempt 吸引，诱惑
A: ♣派  repelling adj. 令人厌恶的

Q:repertoire  ['repətwɑ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. （技术、设备或原料等的）详单： the complete list or supply of skills, devices, or ingredients used in a particular field, occupation, or practice
A: ♣例  The chef's repertoire of specialties seems to be limited, with several of the dishes appearing over and over again in slightly varied guises. 这个厨师的所有拿手好戏看来是很有限的，因为上来的几盘菜看起来只是稍微换了一下装饰而已。
A: ♣近  budget, fund, inventory, pool, reservoir, stock

Q:repine  [ri'pain]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 抱怨，表达不满： to feel or express discontent or dejection
A: ♣例  There is no use repining over a love that's been long lost. 抱怨早已失去的爱情是没有用的。
A: ♣近  carp, complain, fuss, gripe, grouch, grouse, growl, grumble, inveigh, moan, murmur, mutter, wail, whine
A: ♣反  crow, delight, rejoice 高兴
A: ♠考法2  vi. 渴望： to long for something
A: ♣例  During the deep cold of winter, I repine for warm tropical beaches. 在寒冬，我渴望温暖的热带海滩。
A: ♣近  ache, covet, crave, desiderate, hunger, itch, long, lust, pine, salivate, thirst, want, wish, yearn
A: ♣反  abhor, abominate, detest, dislike, hate, loathe 厌恶，讨厌

Q:replenish  [ri'pleniʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 补充： to fill or make complete again; add a new stock or supply to
A: ♣例  He went to replenish her glass. 他去续杯了。
A: ♣近  refill, reload
A: ♣反  consume, drain, empty, exhaust 清空，耗尽

Q:replete  [ri'pli:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 彻底吃饱了的： having one's appetite completely satisfied
A: ♣例  Everyone is completely replete after the huge meal. 在大餐之后，每个人都吃撑了。
A: ♣近  sated, satiate, satiated, stuffed, surfeited
A: ♣反  empty, famished, hungry, starved, starving 挨饿的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 充满…的，富于…的： possessing or covered with great numbers or amounts of something specified
A: ♣例  a scholar replete with knowledge 博学的学者
A: ♣近  abounding, abundant, awash, flush, fraught, lousy, swarming, teeming, thick, thronging
A: ♣反  depleted, drained, exhausted 耗竭的；deficient, incomplete, insufficient, short 缺乏的
A: ♣派  repletion n. 装满

Q:replicate  ['replikit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 复制，复刻： to make an exact likeness of
A: ♣例  replicated the famous painting in our art class 在艺术课上复刻一幅名画
A: ♣近  clone, copy, copycat, duplicate, imitate, reduplicate, render, reproduce
A: ♣反  originate 原创
A: ♠考法2  vt. 重复，反复： to make or do again
A: ♣例  I cannot replicate your results when I do the experiment myself. 我自己的实验里无法重复你的结果。
A: ♣近  redo, reiterate, renew, repeat
A: ♣派  replicable adj. 可复制的，能复现的

Q:repose  [ri'pəuz]
A: ♠考法1  n. （劳作后的）休息： a state of resting after exertion or strain
A: ♣例  The doctor ordered a period of repose for the patient suffering from insomnia. 医生要求正在饱受失眠折磨的病人好好休息一阵。
A: ♣近  ease, leisure, relaxation
A: ♣反  exertion, labor, toil, work 劳动，工作
A: ♠考法2  n. 平静，宁静： a state of freedom from storm or disturbance
A: ♣例  We enjoyed the repose of a summer evening on a remote island. 我们在遥远的小岛上共享了夏日傍晚的片刻安宁。
A: ♣近  calmness, hush, peace, placidity, quietness, restfulness, serenity, still, tranquility
A: ♣反  commotion, pandemonium, tumult, turmoil, unrest, uproar 骚乱，动乱
A: ♠考法3  vi. 休息： to take a rest
A: ♣例  They have to repose on couches because all beds have been occupied. 因为所有的床都有人占了，他们不得不在沙发上休息。
A: ♣近  idle, loll, lounge, relax, rest
A: ♣反  drudge, hustle, moil, strive, struggle, sweat, travail 努力工作
A: ♠考法4  vt. 放置，交给他人： to put (something) into the possession or safekeeping of another
A: ♣例  The Constitution reposes the power to declare war to Congress, and to that body alone. 宪法将宣战的权力交给了国会单独保管。
A: ♣近  consign, delegate, deliver, entrust, leave, pass, trans

Q:reprehend  [,repri'hend]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 谴责，责难，批评： to express one's unfavorable opinion of the worth or quality of
A: ♣例  Without exception, book reviewers reprehended the novel's trite plot. 毫无例外的，小说缺乏新意的故事情节收到了评论家们的责难。
A: ♣近  berate, blame, castigate, censure, condemn, denounce, dispraise, fault, knock, lambaste, pan, upbraid
A: ♣近  extol, laud, praise 表扬
A: ♣派  reprehensible adj. 应受谴责的

Q:repress  [ri'pres]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 镇压： to put down by force, usually before total control has been lost; quell
A: ♣例  Military quickly repressed the rebellion in the city and restored order. 军方迅速平息了市内的暴乱，恢复了秩序。
A: ♣近  crush, quash, quell, silence, squash, squelch, subdue, suppress
A: ♣反  foment, incite, instigate, provoke, stir 煽动，激起
A: ♠考法2  vt. 阻止（正常的表达、活动或发展等）： to prevent the natural or normal expression, activity, or development of
A: ♣例  You can't repress your feelings forever, so tell her that you love her. 你不可能永远压抑自己的感受，所以大胆地跟她表白吧。
A: ♣近  bridle, check, curb, muffle, smother, stifle, strangle, swallow
A: ♣反  express, loose, release, take out, unleash, vent （情感等的）表达，宣泄
A: ♣派  repression n. 阻止，镇压

Q:reprieve  [ri'pri:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 暂缓处刑，免罪： to postpone or cancel the punishment of
A: ♣例  Fourteen people, waiting to be hanged for the murder of a former prime minister, have been reprieved 十四个因为谋杀前首相而等待绞刑的人获得了缓刑。
A: ♣近  absolve, acquit, amnesty, condone, excuse, forgive, pardon, remit, respite, spare
A: ♣反  penalize, punish 惩罚
A: ♠考法2  vt. 维持运行： to prevent (something) from being closed, destroyed, etc., for a period of time
A: ♣例  The library has been reprieved and will remain open for at least another year. 图书馆的状况得到了缓解，还将继续开放一年。
A: ♣近  deliver, rescue, save

Q:reproach  [ri'prəutʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 令人羞愧的事物，耻辱： one that causes shame, rebuke or blame
A: ♣例  a reproach to this entire school 整个学校的耻辱
A: ♣近  dishonor, opprobrium, reflection, spot, scandal, stain, stigma, taint
A: ♣反  credit, honor 荣誉
A: ♠考法2  vt. 批评，责备： to express disapproval, criticism, or disappointment in (someone)
A: ♣例  reproached by their mother for untidiness 因为邋遢而被他们的母亲批评
A: ♣近  admonish, berate, castigate, chide, condemn, denounce, lambaste, rebuke, reprimand, reprove, upbraid
A: ♣反  commend, eulogize, extol, laud, praise 表扬
A: ♣派  irreproachable adj. 无可指责的

Q:reprobate  ['reprəubeit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 堕落者，道德败坏的人：a morally unprincipled person
A: ♣例  The program rehabilitates reprobates and turns them into hard-working, law-abiding citizens. 这个项目让那些堕落的人改过自新，并将他们变成勤劳守法的好公民。
A: ♣近  brute, devil, fiend, miscreant, rapscallion, rascal, villain
A: ♣反  saint 圣人
A: ♠考法2  adj. 堕落的，放荡的： morally corrupt
A: ♣例  He is a reprobate judge who could be bribed, and often with astonishing ease. 他是一个堕落的法官，极其容易就被贿赂了。
A: ♣近  debased, debauched, degraded, depraved, dissipated, dissolute, libertine, perverse, perverted, rakish
A: ♣反  good, moral, righteous, virtuous 有道德的；pure, uncorrupted 纯净的，未受污染的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 谴责，痛斥： to condemn strongly as unworthy, unacceptable, or evil
A: ♣例  He reprobated his son's unconventional lifestyle. 他怒斥他儿子不遵循传统的生活习惯。
A: ♣近  blame, criticize, censure, condemn, denounce, denunciate, reprehend
A: ♣反  commend, eulogize, extol, laud, praise 表扬
A: ♠考法4  vt. 拒绝，不提供： to be unwilling to grant
A: ♣例  The government will most likely reprobate the request for parole. 政府很有可能会拒绝假释的要求。
A: ♣近  decline, disallow, disapprove, negative, nix, refuse, re

Q:reproof  [ri'pru:f]
A: ♠考法1  n. 批评，反对： criticism for a fault, rebuke
A: ♣例  The head teacher speaks in tones of gentle reproof. 校长的话语中带有隐晦的批评。
A: ♣近  commination, condemnation, denunciation, excoriation, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, stricture
A: ♣反  commendation, eulogy, praise 赞扬；endorsement 同意

Q:reprove  [ri'pru:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 温和地责备，警告： to scold or correct usually gently or with kindly intent
A: ♣例  My piano teacher often reproves me for slouching while playing, observing that good posture helps one play better. 我的钢琴老师常常会因为懒散的坐姿而批评我，他认为良好的坐姿能让我弹得更好。
A: ♣近  admonish, blame, chide, criticize, reprimand, reproach
A: ♣反  lambaste 严厉地责备；commend, eulogize, extol, laud, praise 表扬
A: ♠考法2  vt. 不欣赏，不喜欢： to hold an unfavorable opinion of
A: ♣例  The older generation has always reproved the younger generation's taste in music. 老一代的人总是不喜欢新一代的音乐品味。
A: ♣近  deprecate, discountenance, disesteem, disfavor, dislike, frown
A: ♣反  adore, approve, endorse, enjoy, favor, like 支持，喜欢

Q:repudiate  [ri'pju:dieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 否认： to declare not to be true
A: ♣例  She repudiated the charge that she had lied on her résumé. 她否认了她在简历中作假的指控。
A: ♣近  contradict, disaffirm, disavow, disclaim, disconfirm, disown, gainsay, negate, negative, refute, reject
A: ♣反  acknowledge, admit, allow, avow, concede, confirm 承认
A: ♠考法2  vt. 拒绝接受： to show unwillingness to accept, do, engage in, or agree to
A: ♣例  We didn't like the terms, so we repudiated the contract. 我们没有接受这份合同，因为我们对其中的条款表示不满。
A: ♣近  balk, deselect, disapprove, negative, nix, refuse, reprobate, spurn
A: ♣反  accept, agree, approve 接受，承认
A: ♣派  repudiation n. 拒绝，否认

Q:repugnant  [ri'pʌɡnənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 令人厌恶的： arousing disgust or aversion
A: ♣例  The idea of moving again became repugnant to her. 又要搬家的想法让她感到厌恶。
A: ♣近  abhorrent, abominable, awful, disgusting, distasteful, hideous, loathsome, noisome, obnoxious, repulsive
A: ♣反  innocuous, inoffensive 无害的；agreeable, delightful, enjoyable, gratifying, pleasing 令人愉悦的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不和谐的，不协调的： not being in agreement or harmony
A: ♣例  Technically speaking, it may not be a violation, but it is certainly repugnant to the spirit of the law. 技术上来说这还算不上违法，但是这肯定违背了法律的精神。
A: ♣近  conflicting, discordant, incompatible, incongruous, inconsonant, inharmonious, mutually exclusive
A: ♣反  accordant, agreeing, compatible, concordant, conformable, congruent, congruous, consistent, consonant, harmonious 和谐的
A: ♣派  repugnance n. 厌恶；不一致

Q:repulse  [ri'pʌls]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （使）厌恶，排斥： to rebuff or reject with rudeness, coldness, or denial
A: ♣例  The scenes of violence in the film may repulse some viewers. 电影中某些暴力场景可能会使观众反感。
A: ♣近  disgust, nauseate, repel, revolt, sicken
A: ♣反  allure, attract, bewitch, captivate, charm, enchant, entice, fascinate, lure, seduce, tempt 吸引，诱惑
A: ♣派  repulsion n. 排斥

Q:repute  [ri'pju:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指好的）名声，名誉： a good reputation
A: ♣例  Before his national bestseller, he was a writer of little repute. 在他的畅销书出来之前，他是个没什么名声的作家。
A: ♣近  celebrity, fame, name, renown, reputation
A: ♣反  infamy, notoriety 坏名声
A: ♣派  reputable adj. 有好名声的

Q:requisite  ['rekwizit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 必需品： something necessary, indispensable, or unavoidable
A: ♣例  Calculus is a requisite for modern physics. 微积分是学习近代物理的必要知识。
A: ♣近  condition, demand, necessity, need, requirement
A: ♠考法2  adj. 必不可少的，必备的： essential, necessary
A: ♣例  Oxygen is requisite for human to survive. 氧气是维持人类生命的必要条件。
A: ♣近  critical, compulsory, imperative, indispensable, mandatory, necessary, obligatory, required, vital
A: ♣反  needless, unnecessary 不必要的；dispensable, optional 可替换的，可选择的

Q:requite  [ri'kwait]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 酬谢，报答： to make repayment or return for
A: ♣例  requited her love with hatred 恩将仇报
A: ♣近  indemnify, reciprocate, recompense, recoup, reimburse, remunerate, repay
A: ♠考法2  vt. 报仇： to punish in kind the wrongdoer responsible for
A: ♣例  The future writer would later requite the abuse he suffered at the hands of his classmates by creating scathing portraits of them in his novels. 未来的作家会把在同学那受的委屈的帐算清的——他会在小说中把他们描绘成恶人。
A: ♣近  avenge, redress, retaliate, revenge
A: ♣反  absolve, condone, forgive, pardon 饶恕，宽恕

Q:rescind  [ri'sind]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 废除，取消： to make void
A: ♣例  The government refused to rescind the order of curfew. 政府拒绝撤销宵禁的决定。
A: ♣近  abolish, abrogate, annul, cancel, invalidate, negate, null, nullify, recall, repeal, revoke, void
A: ♣反  establish, enact 建立；continue, keep 维持，保持

Q:reserved  [ri'zə:vd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 内向的，缄默的： restrained in words and actions
A: ♣例  too reserved to offer a spontaneous criticism 过于缄默而不愿意发表真实的看法
A: ♣近  closemouthed, constrained, laconic, reticent, restrained, silent, taciturn.
A: ♣反  communicative, expansive, talkative 健谈的；garrulous, loquacious 话多的
A: ♣派  unreserved adj. 无保留的，外向的

Q:residual  [ri'zidjuəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 剩余的，残存的： of, relating to, or characteristic of a residue
A: ♣例  residual radiation from nuclear tests 核试验所遗留下来的残余辐射
A: ♣近  leftover, remaining, vestigial
A: ♣反  comprehensive, entire, full, integral, total, whole 全部的，完整的

Q:residue  ['rezidju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 剩余物： something that remains after a part is taken, separated, or designated
A: ♣例  In the race of nature, there is no residue left for the late. 在大自然的竞争中，总是早起的鸟儿才有虫吃。
A: ♣近  debris, remainder, remnant
A: ♣派  residual adj. 剩余的

Q:resign  [ri'zain]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 辞职，放弃（职位）： to give up one's job or office
A: ♣例  resigned her position at the university 自动放弃她在大学的职位
A: ♣近  abnegate, cede, relinquish, renounce, surrender, step down
A: ♣反  assume, inaugurate 就职，承担（责任）；usurp 篡位

Q:resilience  [ri'ziliəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 弹力： the property of a material that enables it to resume its original shape or position after being bent, stretched, or compressed
A: ♣近  elasticity, flexibility, malleability, pliability
A: ♣反  inelasticity n. 无弹性
A: ♠考法2  n. 恢复能力： the ability to recover quickly from illness, change, or misfortune
A: ♣例  Her mental resilience helped her promptly walk out of the shadow of her father’s death. 她的精神恢复能力让她迅速地走出了父亲去世的阴影当中。
A: ♣近  adaptability
A: ♣派  resilient adj. 有弹性的；能迅速恢复的

Q:resolute  ['rezəlju:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 坚定的： marked by firm determination
A: ♣例  We are glad to have such a resolute ally. 我们很高兴能拥有这样一个坚定的盟友。
A: ♣近  bound, decided, faithful, resolved, unwavering
A: ♣反  faltering, hesitant, indecisive, irresolute, jittery, vacillating, wavering 犹豫的，踌躇的
A: ♣派  resolution n. 坚定的决心

Q:resonant  ['rezənənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （声音）洪亮的，共鸣的： strong and deep in tone
A: ♣例  A deep resonant voice rang out. 传来了洪亮的声音。
A: ♣近  consonant, orotund, plangent, resounding, reverberant, sonorous, vibrant
A: ♣反  faint, low, muffled, muted, smothered, soft, weak 声音模糊的，低声的
A: ♣派  resonance n. 洪亮

Q:resourceful  [ri'sɔ:sful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有创造力的，机智的： able to act effectively or imaginatively, especially in difficult situations
A: ♣例  a resourceful man capable of dealing with difficult situations 一个能巧妙解决困局的能人
A: ♣近  able, adroit, competent, talented
A: ♣派  resourcefulness n. 能解决困难的能力

Q:respire  [ri'spaiə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 呼吸： to inhale and exhale air successively
A: ♣例  unable to respire due to heart attack 因心脏病发作而无法呼吸
A: ♣近  breathe, inhale
A: ♣反  smother, stifle, suffocate 停止呼吸，窒息
A: ♣派  respiration n. 呼吸

Q:respite  ['respait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 间歇，休息： an interval of rest or relief
A: ♣例  to toil without respite 埋头苦干‖In the middle of each semester there came a short respite. 在每个学期的期中，会有一个短暂的休假。
A: ♣近  break, lull, intermission, recess, pause, rest
A: ♣反  resumption 继续进行；exertion, labor, toil, work 劳动，工作

Q:resplendent  [ri'splendənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 华丽辉煌的： shining brilliantly
A: ♣例  Geography teacher showed us a picture of the resplendent aurora borealis. 地理老师给我们展示了一张壮丽的北极光的照片。
A: ♣近  brilliant, glorious, gorgeous, grand, magnificent, splendid, sublime, superb
A: ♣反  dim, dull, lackluster 黯淡无光的
A: ♣派  resplendence n. 辉煌

Q:responsive  [ri'spɔnsiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 敏感的： quick to respond or react appropriately or sympathetically
A: ♣例  Children are often the most responsive members of the audience. 儿童通常是观众中最为敏感的群体
A: ♣近  prompt, sensible, sensitive, susceptible
A: ♣反  dispassionate 无动于衷的；detached, indifferent 冷漠的
A: ♣派  responsiveness n. 敏感

Q:restitution  [,resti'tju:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 补偿，赔偿： a making good of or giving an equivalent for some injury
A: ♣例  The victims are demanding full restitution. 受害者要求全额补偿。
A: ♣近  damages, indemnity, quittance, recompense, recoupment, redress, remuneration, reparation, reprisal, requital

Q:restive  ['restiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 急躁的，忧虑的： marked by impatience or uneasiness
A: ♣例  I spent a restive night worrying about the next day's exam. 我度过了忧虑的一晚，担心明天的考试。
A: ♣近  restless, nervy, uneasy, uptight
A: ♣反  imperturbable 沉着的；phlegmatic 冷静的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 难以管束的： stubbornly resisting control
A: ♣例  Tired soldiers grew restive. 疲惫的士兵变得越来越难以管理。
A: ♣近  balky, contumacious, defiant, insubordinate, intractable, obstreperous, obstinate, perverse, recalcitrant, refractory
A: ♣反  amenable, biddable, compliant, conformable, docile, obedient, ruly, submissive, tractable 服从的
A: ♣派  restiveness n. 不安，躁动

Q:restless  ['restlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不平静的： marked by or causing a lack of quiet, repose, or rest
A: ♣例  The patient felt restless from pain. 病人因疼痛而无法平静。
A: ♣近  agitating, anxious, distressful, disturbing, fraught, restive, perturbed, uneasy, unquiet, unsettled
A: ♣反  halcyon, peaceful, serene, tranquil 平静的，安宁的

Q:restrain  [ri'strein]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 限制，控制： to limit, restrict, or keep under control
A: ♣例  The old lady restrained the child from picking the flowers. 老妇人不准孩子们采摘花朵。
A: ♣近  bridle, check, constrain, curb, inhibit, measure, prevent, refrain, withhold
A: ♣反  discharge, release 释放
A: ♣派  restrained adj. 受限制的

Q:resurgence  [ri'sə:dʒəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 复兴： a restoration to use, acceptance, activity, or vigor
A: ♣例  Let’s witness the resurgence of classical school. 让我们见证古典乐派的复兴。
A: ♣近  reanimation, rebirth, regeneration, rejuvenation, renewal, resurrection, resuscitation, revitalization
A: ♣反  decay, degradation, deterioration, downfall, ebb, fall 衰落
A: ♣派  resurgent adj. 正在复兴的

Q:resurrect  [,rezə'rekt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使重生，使复苏： to bring back to life, practice, or activity
A: ♣例  believed that his body would be resurrected 相信他的身体将会复活‖Attempts are being made by both parties to resurrect the stalled arms negotiations. 双方正在努力重启受阻的武装谈判。
A: ♣近  reanimate, recharge, regenerate, rejuvenate, rekindle, renew, resuscitate, revitalize, revive, revivify
A: ♣反  kill 杀死
A: ♣派  resurrection n. 重生，复苏

Q:resuscitate  [ri'sʌsiteit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使复活，使苏醒： to restore consciousness, vigor, or life to
A: ♣例  resuscitated by the kiss of the prince 因王子的吻而苏醒
A: ♣近  reanimate, recharge, refresh, rejuvenate, rekindle, renew, resurrect, revitalize, revive, revivify
A: ♣反  faint 昏迷
A: ♣派  resuscitation n. 复活，复兴；resuscitated adj. 复活的

Q:retainer  [ri'teinə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 家仆： a person attached or owing service to a household
A: ♣例  Knights are dressed for battle by their retainers. 骑士们在上战场之前是由他们的家仆帮助着装打扮的。
A: ♣近  menial, servant
A: ♣反  lord, master 主人

Q:retaliate  [ri'tælieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 报复，反击： to pay back（as an injury）in kind
A: ♣例  We swear to retaliate for our losses. 我们发誓要以牙还牙。
A: ♣近  avenge, redress, requite, revenge
A: ♣反  absolve, condone, forgive, pardon 饶恕，宽恕
A: ♣派  retaliation n. 报复

Q:retard  [ri'tɑ:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 减速，延迟： to cause to move or proceed slowly; delay or impede
A: ♣例  Language barriers retarded their negotiating progress. 语言障碍让谈判进程受阻。
A: ♣近  bog, brake, decelerate, delay, detain, hamper, impede, mire, slacken
A: ♣反  accelerate, catalyze, expedite, hasten, precipitate 加速，促进

Q:retentive  [ri'tentiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 记性好的： having the ability or capacity to retain knowledge or information with ease
A: ♣例  Her retentive memory helped her sail through the history test. 她的好记性帮助她顺利通过了历史考试。
A: ♣反  absentminded, forgetful, oblivious 健忘的
A: ♣派  retentiveness n. 好记性

Q:reticent  ['retisənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 沉默不语的： inclined to be silent or uncommunicative in speech
A: ♣例  He was reticent about his plans. 他对他的计划三缄其口。
A: ♣近  closemouthed, constrained, laconic, reserved, restrained, silent, taciturn
A: ♣反  communicative, expansive, talkative 健谈的；garrulous, loquacious 话多的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不愿意的： slow to begin or proceed with a course of action because of doubts or uncertainty
A: ♣例  Understandably, she's reticent about becoming involved with another religious sect. 不难理解，她不愿意被牵扯另一个宗教派别之中。
A: ♣近  cagey, disinclined, dubious, indisposed, loath, reluctant
A: ♣反  willing 乐意的；disposed, inclined 倾向于做某事的；eager 渴望的

Q:retinue  ['retinju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 随行人员： a group of retainers or attendants
A: ♣例  The premier inspected the factory with his retinue. 总理与随同人员一起视察了工厂。
A: ♣近  associates, entourage, followers, posse, retainers
A: ♣反  leader 领导者

Q:retort  [ri'tɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指机智的）回应，回答： something spoken or written in reaction especially to a question, especially a quick, witty, or cutting reply
A: ♣例  She responded to the heckler with a scathing but hilarious retort that instantly won over the audience. 面对故意起哄捣乱的人，她那严厉但不失幽默的回答立刻得到了观众的肯定。
A: ♣近  comeback, rejoinder, repartee, reply, response, return, riposte
A: ♣反  inquiry, query, question 问题，问询

Q:retouch  [,ri:'tʌtʃ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 润饰，改进： to improve or change (a photographic negative or print)
A: ♣例  She was retouching her painting before the deadline. 在截止日期到来之前，她一直在润色她的画作。
A: ♣近  ameliorate, enhance, furbish, meliorate, perfect, polish, refine, upgrade
A: ♣反  deteriorate, downgrade, worsen 恶化，降低

Q:retract  [ri'trækt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 收回，否认： to take back
A: ♣例  The newspaper had to retract its allegations against the mayor. 报纸不得不收回针对市长的谣言。
A: ♣近  abjure, abnegate, disavow, forswear, recall, recant, renounce, repeal, repudiate, withdraw
A: ♣反  tender 提出（建议，想法）；adhere, stick 坚持
A: ♣派  retractable adj. 可收回的

Q:retrench  [ri'trentʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 削减开支： to curtail expenses
A: ♣例  Declining business forced the company to retrench. 衰减的业务迫使公司削减开支。
A: ♣近  economize, reduce, cut down
A: ♣反  enlarge, expand 扩大，扩张
A: ♣派  retrenchment n. 削减开销

Q:retribution  [,retri'bju:ʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 报偿，报应： the dispensing or receiving of reward or punishment especially in the hereafter
A: ♣例  The neighborhood is being torn apart by an endless cycle of gang violence and retribution. 这个社区正在被帮派间斗争和仇恨的恶性循环割裂。
A: ♣近  avengement, payback, recompense, reparation, repayment, requital, retaliation, revenge, vengeance
A: ♣派  retributive n. 报应的

Q:retrieve  [ri'tri:v]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 寻回，找回： to get back again
A: ♣例  I needed to retrieve the book from my friend so I could return it to the library. 我需要先把书从朋友那里拿回来才能还给图书馆。
A: ♣近  reacquire, recapture, reclaim, re-collect, recoup, recover, regain, repossess, retake
A: ♣近  lose, mislay, misplace 丢失

Q:retrograde  ['retrəuɡreid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 倒退的： moving or tending backward
A: ♣例  This is a retrograde step and you will regret it. 这是后退的一步，你以后肯定会后悔的。
A: ♣近  backward, receding, regressive, reversed, withdrawing
A: ♣反  progressive 前进的
A: ♠考法2  v. 退步，退化： to decline to a worse condition
A: ♣例  The Dark Ages is the period following the fall of the Roman Empire when Western civilization seriously retrograded. “黑暗时代”指的是罗马帝国崩溃之后，西方文明严重退步的一个历史时期。
A: ♣近  atrophy, crumble, decay, decline, degenerate, descend, deteriorate, ebb, regress, rot, sink, worsen
A: ♣近  ameliorate, improve, meliorate 改善

Q:retrospective  [,retrəu'spektiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 回顾的： looking back on, contemplating, or directed to the past
A: ♣例  a retrospective glance at my youth 朝我少年时代投去的回顾性一瞥
A: ♣近  backward
A: ♣反  anticipatory 预想的；prospective 预期的，未来的

Q:revelry  ['revəlri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狂欢，喧闹的作乐： noisy partying or merrymaking
A: ♣例  They were exhausted after the night of revelry. 一夜狂欢后大家都筋疲力尽
A: ♣近  conviviality, festivity, gaiety, jollity, merriment, rejoicing, revel, whoopee
A: ♣反  gloom, grief, melancholy, misery, mournfulness, sorrow, woe 悲哀，哀痛

Q:revenge  [ri'vendʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 报复，复仇： an act or instance of retaliating in order to get even
A: ♣例  Both sides were determined to get revenge for losses and showed little interest in ending the feud. 双方都下定决心要为失去的东西报仇，对于结束他们之间的世仇毫无兴趣。‖The bombing was in revenge for the assassination of their leader. 此次轰炸是对暗杀他们领袖的报复行动。
A: ♣近  avengement, payback, reprisal, requital, retaliation, retribution, vengeance
A: ♣反  forgiveness, pardon 饶恕，原谅
A: ♠考法2  vt. 复仇： to avenge (as oneself) usually by retaliating in kind or degree
A: ♣例  He finally revenged the death of his brother. 他终于为兄弟的死报了仇。
A: ♣近  avenge, redress, requite, retaliate
A: ♣反  absolve, condone, forgive, pardon 原谅，宽恕

Q:reverberate  [ri'və:bəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 回荡，回响： to continue or be repeated in a series of reflected sound waves
A: ♣例  The sound of thunder reverberated from one end of the mountain pass to the other. 打雷的声音在山间不断回荡。
A: ♣近  echo, reecho, resonate, resound
A: ♣派  reverberation n. 回响，回音

Q:revere  [ri'viə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （尤指对神的）尊崇，尊敬： to offer honor or respect to (someone) as a divine power
A: ♣例  He is revered for his valor. 他因为他的英勇而受到尊敬。‖In some cultures people revere their ancestors, even leaving food offerings for them. 在一些文化当中，人们非常敬重先人，甚至将一些食物留下来供他们享用。
A: ♣近  adore, deify, glorify, esteem, regard, respect, venerate, worship
A: ♣反  blaspheme, desecrate, profane, violate 亵渎
A: ♣派  reverence n. 尊重；reverent adj. 恭敬地，虔诚的

Q:revise  [ri'vaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 更改，修正： to look over again in order to correct or improve
A: ♣例  There are many problems involved in revising a dictionary. 修正字典会牵涉到诸多问题。‖With the snow, we'll need to revise our travel plans. 因为下雪了，我们不得不更改旅游计划。
A: ♣近  amend, correct, emend, polish, redraft, refine, rework, upgrade
A: ♣反  discard 丢弃，抛弃
A: ♣派  revision n. 修改

Q:revive  [ri'vaiv]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 恢复意识： to return to consciousness or life, become flourishing again
A: ♣例  successfully revived him with artificial respiration 用人工呼吸使成功他恢复意识
A: ♣近  come around
A: ♣反  faint, black out 昏迷，失去知觉
A: ♠考法2  v. 再获新生： become active or flourishing again
A: ♣例  Around midnight, I usually need to revive myself with a cup of strong coffee. 在午夜时分，我需要一杯浓咖啡来提神。‖The success of the movie has revived her career. 这部电影的成功让他的事业焕发第二春。
A: ♣近  reanimate, recharge, refresh, rejuvenate, rekindle, renew, resurrect, resuscitate, revitalize, revivify
A: ♣反  degenerate, deteriorate, worsen 衰退，恶化
A: ♣派  revival n. 复苏

Q:revoke  [ri'vəuk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 撤回，宣告无效： to annul by recalling or taking back
A: ♣例  to revoke a will 废除遗嘱
A: ♣近  abolish, abrogate, annul, cancel, invalidate, negate, null, nullify, recall, repeal, revoke, void
A: ♣反  establish, enact 建立；continue, keep 维持，保持
A: ♣派  revocation n. 撤销，废除

Q:revolt  [ri'vəult]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使厌恶，反感： to fill with disgust or abhorrence
A: ♣例  The smell of seafood revolts him. 他对海鲜的腥味十分反感。
A: ♣近  disgust, nauseate, repel, repulse, sicken
A: ♣反  allure, attract, bewitch, captivate, charm, enchant, entice, fascinate, lure, seduce, tempt 吸引，诱惑
A: ♠考法2  vi. 反叛： to renounce allegiance or subjection (as to a government)
A: ♣例  The revolted against the dictator by burning his palace. 他们通过焚烧宫殿来对抗独裁者。
A: ♣近  defy, insurrect, mutiny, oppose, rebel, resist
A: ♣反  obey, submit 遵从，服从
A: ♣派  revolter n. 反叛者

Q:rhetorical  [ri'tɔrikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 语言上的，文字上的： of or relating to words or language
A: ♣例  The next war that those two nations fight won't be rhetorical - it will be with bombs and bullets. 两国之间的下一场战争可不会是斗嘴皮了——他们会来真格的。
A: ♣近  lexical, linguistic, vocabular, wordy
A: ♠考法2  adj. 言辞华丽（却往往无内涵的）： full of fine words and fancy expressionsbut mostly meaningless words and phrases
A: ♣例  You can skip over the rhetorical passages and still get the gist of the essay. 你可以跳过那些词藻华丽的段落，直接获取文本的主旨。‖The new governor delivered a long rhetorical speech about our state's bright future but laid out no specific programs for ensuring it. 新的执政官发表了词藻华丽的演说，畅谈国家的美好未来，但却没有提出实现这一目标的具体措施。
A: ♣近  bombastic, flatulent, florid, fustian, gaseous, gassy, grandiloquent, oratorical, orotund, purple, windy
A: ♣反  prosaic 平凡无奇的；plain, simple 简单的

Q:ribald  ['ribəld]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 举止、言语下流粗俗的： characterized by or indulging in vulgar, lewd humor
A: ♣例  entertained the guests with ribald jokes 用荤段子来取悦客人
A: ♣近  bawdy, blue, coarse, crude, dirty, filthy, gross, indecent, nasty, obscene, pornographic, profane, vulgar
A: ♣反  decent, proper, seemly 恰当的，得体的

Q:rickety  ['rikəti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不稳的： lacking stability or firmness
A: ♣例  The rickety coalition may break at any moment. 脆弱的联盟随时都可能破裂。
A: ♣近  insecure, precarious, shaky, unsound, unsteady, weak
A: ♣反  firm, sound, stable, sturdy 稳定的，稳固的

Q:rider  ['raidə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骑马的人： one that rides
A: ♣近  horseman, knight
A: ♣反  pedestrian, walker 行人，步行者
A: ♠考法2  n. 附件： a clause appended to a legislative bill to secure a usually distinct object
A: ♣近  addendum, appendix, attachment, supplement

Q:ridicule  ['ridikju:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 嘲笑： to make fun of
A: ♣例  always ridiculed everything she said 总是嘲笑她说的话‖The term “big bang theory” was originally coined to ridicule the belief that the universe was created by a giant explosion. “大爆炸理论”期初是为了嘲笑一种观点而创造的，这种观点认为宇宙源自一场巨大的爆炸。
A: ♣近  deride, gibe, jape, jeer, lout, mock, taunt
A: ♣反  commend, praise 表扬
A: ♣派  ridiculous adj. 荒谬的

Q:rife  [raif]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 丰富的，普遍的： possessing or covered with great numbers or amounts of something specified
A: ♣例  a video game rife with violence and abuse 充满暴力与虐待的电子游戏
A: ♣近  abounding, abundant, awash, flush, fraught, lousy, replete, swarming, teeming, thick, thronging
A: ♣反  deficient, incomplete, insufficient, short 缺乏的

Q:rift  [rift]
A: ♠考法1  n. 离间： a break in friendly relations
A: ♣例  a rift between two once allied nations 两个往昔盟国的决裂
A: ♣近  crack, fissure, fracture, schism
A: ♣反  reconciliation, rapprochement 调和
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使开裂： to cause to split open or break
A: ♣例  Hills were rifted by the earthquake. 地震使得山崩地裂
A: ♣近  cleave, divide, rip, split, sunder, tear
A: ♣反  associate, coalesce, combine, conjugate, join, link 接合

Q:rigmarole  ['riɡmərəul]
A: ♠考法1  n. 混乱而无意义的话： language marked by abstractions, jargon, euphemisms, and circumlocutions; confused or meaningless talk
A: ♣例  The security guard gave me some kind of rigmarole about passes and authorizations. 保安不知所云地跟我说了一些关于通关和授权的话。
A: ♣近  abracadabra, babble, drivel, gabble, gibber, jabber, nonsense, prattle

Q:rile  [rail]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 刺激，惹怒： to make agitated and angry
A: ♣例  The new work schedules riled the employees. 新的工作时间表激怒了员工
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, enrage, exasperate, grate, inflame, infuriate, irritate, nettle, peeve, pique, provoke, roil
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 平息，缓和

Q:riot  ['raiət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喧闹，暴乱： public violence, tumult, or disorder
A: ♣例  Special police units equipped with riot shields quickly arrived at the airport. 装备有防暴盾牌的特警们迅速抵达了飞机场。
A: ♣近  clamor, commotion, disorder, ferment, tumult, turmoil, upheaval, uproar
A: ♣反  serenity, tranquility 宁静；order 秩序

Q:ripen  ['raipən]
A: ♠考法1  v. 使成熟，成熟： to make or become ripe or riper
A: ♣例  Age ripens a good wine. 时间酿出好酒
A: ♣近  age, develop, grow, mature
A: ♣反  fade, flag, shrivel, wane, wilt, wither 使枯萎
A: ♣派  ripened adj. （酒、果实等）成熟的

Q:rite  [rait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 惯例，仪式： a prescribed form or manner governing the words or actions for a ceremony
A: ♣例  the marriage rites 婚礼仪式的章程
A: ♣近  ceremony, form, observance, protocol, ritual, solemnity
A: ♣派  ritual n. 仪式

Q:rive  [raiv]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 撕开： to wrench open or tear apart or to pieces
A: ♣例  Lightning rived the tree. 闪电把树劈裂了
A: ♣近  cleave, lacerate, render, ribbon, rip, rupture, shred, split, tatter, tear
A: ♣反  associate, coalesce, combine, conjoin, conjugate, connect, fuse, interfuse, join, link, unify 联合
A: ♣派  riven adj. 被撕开的

Q:riveting  ['rivitiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吸引人的，极迷人的： wholly absorbing or engrossing one's attention
A: ♣例  The riveting novel has, as previously expected, become a national best-seller. 正如先前所预料的，这本引人入胜的小说成为了畅销书
A: ♣近  absorbing, arresting, engaging, engrossing, enthralling, fascinating, immersing, intriguing, involving
A: ♣反  insipid, vapid 索然无味的；boring, dull, monotonous, tedious 单调的

Q:rivulet  ['rivjulit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小河，小溪： a small stream
A: ♣例  Dream Rivulet Diary 《梦溪笔谈》
A: ♣近  brook, brooklet, creek, streamlet

Q:robust  [rəu'bʌst]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精力充沛的，强壮的，健康的： full of health and strength
A: ♣例  a robust older man who still bicycles 10 miles a day 一个每天骑行10英里的充满活力的老人
A: ♣近  bouncing, dynamic, energetic, gingerly, hale, potent, strong, sound, vigorous, vital, wholesome
A: ♣反  delicate, frail, weak 弱不禁风的；ailing, diseased, ill, sick, unfit, unhealthy, unsound 不健康的
A: ♣派  robustness n. 健壮，活力四射

Q:roil  [rɔil]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 搅浑，使混乱： to stir up; disorder
A: ♣例  He roiled the brook with his wood stick. 他用他的木棍将溪水搅浑。‖Financial markets have been roiled by the banking crisis. 银行业的危机搅乱了金融市场的秩序。
A: ♣近  disarray, disorder, disrupt, disturb, mess, muddle, rile
A: ♣反  arrange, array, order, organize, regulate 整理，使有序
A: ♠考法2  vt. 激怒： to displease or disturb
A: ♣例  Some of his roommate’s habits began to roil him. 他室友的某些习惯开始让他恼火。
A: ♣近  aggravate, enrage, exasperate, incense, inflame, infuriate, irritate, provoke, rile, vex
A: ♣反  delight, gratify, please 使愉快

Q:roisterer  ['rɔistərə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 喝酒喧闹的人： one who engages in merrymaking especially in honor of a special occasion
A: ♣例  the rowdy roisterers who fill the streets of New Orleans during Mardi Gras 四旬斋前最后一天遍布新奥尔良各条街道的喧闹人群
A: ♣近  celebrator, merrymaker, partyer (also partier), partygoer, reveler
A: ♣反  killjoy 扫兴的人

Q:rookie  ['ruki]
A: ♠考法1  n. 新兵；新手；菜鸟： recruit; novice
A: ♣例  The rookie replaced the injured regular at first base. 这个新手代替了受伤的一垒手。
A: ♣近  apprentice, fledgling, freshman, greenhorn, neophyte, novice, recruit, tyro
A: ♣反  veteran 老兵

Q:roster  ['rɔstə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 值勤表，花名册： a roll or list of personnel
A: ♣例  the roster of subscribers to the journal 杂质订阅者名册
A: ♣近  catalog, checklist, list, menu, roll, schedule

Q:rostrum  ['rɔstrəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 讲坛，演讲坛： a stage for public speaking
A: ♣例  He finally stood on the winner's rostrum. 他终于站在了胜利者的领奖台上。
A: ♣近  dais, lectern, podium, stage, stand, tribune

Q:rouse  [rauz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 激起，煽动： to stir up
A: ♣例  He was roused to fury. 他大为光火。
A: ♣近  agitate, excite, motivate, provoke, stimulate
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 平息，缓和
A: ♠考法2  v. 唤醒： to cause to stop sleeping
A: ♣例  The piercing siren roused her from a deep sleep 刺耳的警笛声将她从沉睡中唤醒。
A: ♣近  arouse, awake, awaken, waken
A: ♣反  lull 使睡着

Q:royalty  ['rɔiəlti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 皇家身份： regal character or bearing
A: ♣近  aristocracy, nobility
A: ♠考法2  n. 版税： a payment to an author or composer for each copy of a work sold or to an inventor for each item sold under a patent
A: ♣例  charge KTV owners royalty fee 向KTV索取版权费

Q:rubicund  ['ru:bikənd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 红润的，健康的： inclined to a healthy rosiness
A: ♣例  A rubicund complexion indicates good health. 红润的气色意味着健康的身体。
A: ♣近  blooming, florid, flush, rosy, ruddy, sanguine
A: ♣反  ashen, pale, pallid, wan 苍白的，虚弱的

Q:rudimentary  [,ru:di'mentəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 初始的，未发展的： being in the earliest stages of development
A: ♣例  The equipment of these past empire-builders was rudimentary. 过去这些帝国的建造者们使用的都是极其原始的工具。
A: ♣近  incipient, nascent, primitive, primordial
A: ♣反  developed, full-blown, mature, ripe 成熟的，发展完全的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 最根本的，基础的： consisting in first principles: fundamental
A: ♣例  The dropout had only a rudimentary knowledge of science. 这个辍学的孩子对科学知识只有最基本的一些了解。
A: ♣近  basic, elemental, essential, fundamental, rudimental, underlying
A: ♣反  advanced, higher 进阶的，高等级的

Q:rue  [ru:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 后悔，遗憾： the feeling of regret, remorse, or sorrow for
A: ♣例  With rue my heart is laden. 我的内心充满了遗憾。
A: ♣近  contriteness, contrition, penitence, regret, remorse, remorsefulness, repentance
A: ♣反  impenitence, remorselessness 不知悔改
A: ♣派  rueful adj. 后悔的

Q:ruffle  ['rʌfl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 皱褶，褶裥花边： a strip of fabric gathered or pleated on one edge
A: ♣近  rumple, wrinkle
A: ♣派  ruffled adj. 有褶裥边修饰的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使粗糙： to destroy the smoothness or evenness of
A: ♣例  The acid ruffled the surface of the catalyst. 酸使得催化剂的表面变得粗糙。
A: ♣近  abrade, chafe, erode, roughen, rub, wear
A: ♣反  glaze, smooth 使平滑
A: ♠考法3  vt. 扰乱，打扰：to disturb the peace of mind of (someone) especially by repeated disagreeable acts
A: ♣例  The stream of minor complaints finally ruffled him into snapping, “If you don’t like the way I’m doing it, do it yourself!” 一系列的抱怨终于让他爆发：“如果你不喜欢我做事的方法，你就自己去做！”
A: ♣近  annoy, bother, chafe, frost, gall, grate, itch, nettle, peeve, persecute, pique, rasp, rile, vex
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 平息，缓和

Q:ruminate  ['ru:mineit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 沉思： to go over in the mind repeatedly and often casually or slowly
A: ♣例  ruminated the reason past failures 沉思以往失败的原因
A: ♣近  cogitate, contemplate, deliberate, meditate, perpend, ponder, weigh
A: ♣反  ignore, neglect, overlook 忽视
A: ♣派  ruminative adj. 沉思的

Q:rumple  ['rʌmpl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使皱，弄皱： to wrinkle or form into folds or creases
A: ♣例  The guest rumpled the antique bedspread by sitting on it. 客人坐在古董床单上把它弄皱了。
A: ♣近  crinkle, crumple, ruffle, scrunch, wrinkle
A: ♣反  flatten, smooth 使表面平整；preen 整理羽毛，打扮
A: ♠考法2  vt. 打乱，使不整齐： to undo the proper order or arrangement of
A: ♣例  The aunt would invariably rumple the little boy's hair whenever she came to visit. 不论小男孩的姨妈何时摆放，她总要弄乱他的头发。
A: ♣近  disarray, disorder, disorganize, disrupt, disturb, mess, muddle, upset
A: ♣反  arrange, array, order, organize, regulate 整理，使有序
A: ♣派  rumpled adj. 褶皱的

Q:run  [rʌn]
A: ♠考法1  n. （不间断的）连续演出： an unbroken course of performances or showings
A: ♣例  The play had a long run. 此剧一口气演了很长时间
A: ♣近  continuance, duration, persistence

Q:runic  ['ru:nik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 神秘的： having some secret or mysterious meaning
A: ♣例  painstaking efforts to decipher the runic inscriptions 为破解神秘的碑文付出的辛勤劳动
A: ♣近  arcane, enigmatic, impenetrable, inscrutable, mysterious, mystic, occult, uncanny
A: ♣反  comprehendible, fathomable 可理解的

Q:rupture  ['rʌptʃə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 打破；打碎： to part by violence
A: ♣例  Jealousy ruptured our friendly relationship. 嫉妒心破坏了我们的友谊。
A: ♣近  breach, burst, disjoin, dissect, fracture, separate, split, sunder, tear
A: ♣反  associate, coalesce, combine, conjoin, conjugate, connect, fuse, interfuse, join, link, unify 联合

Q:ruse  [ru:z]
A: ♠考法1  n. 诡计： a wily subterfuge
A: ♣例  This was a ruse to divide them. 这是一招反间计。
A: ♣近  artifice, maneuver, stratagem, trick, wile

Q:rustic  ['rʌstik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 乡下人，头脑简单的人： an awkward or simple person especially from a small town or the country
A: ♣例  a rustic who was awed by the prices that city dwellers had to pay 一个被大城市房价所吓到的乡里人
A: ♣近  bumpkin, churl, countryman, provincial, rube, yokel
A: ♣反  cosmopolitan, cosmopolite, sophisticate 见多识广的人
A: ♠考法2  adj. 乡村的：of, relating to, associated with, or typical of open areas with few buildings or people
A: ♣例  We went to a rustic area that is devoid of skyscrapers and shopping malls. 我们去了一个没有摩天大楼和购物中心的乡村原野。
A: ♣近  bucolic, country, pastoral
A: ♣反  urban 都市的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 粗俗的： lacking in social graces or polish
A: ♣近  clumsy, discourteous, gauche, impertinent, impolite, inelegant, rude, stiff
A: ♣反  graceful, polished, urbane 文雅的
A: ♣派  rustically adv. 粗俗地

Q:rustle  ['rʌsl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 快速地行动： to move or act energetically or with speed; to proceed or move quickly
A: ♣例  The little boy rustled around enthusiastically on the first morning of the trip. 旅行的第一个早晨，小男孩充满热情地在那活蹦乱跳。
A: ♣近  bolt, breeze, careen, career, hasten, hustle, jump, run, rush, scurry
A: ♣反  crawl, creep 匍匐前行；poke 缓慢行动

Q:ruthless  ['ru:θlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没有怜悯心的，残忍的： having no pity
A: ♣例  an office supervisor with a ruthless disregard for others’ feelings 一个从不顾及他人感情的无情领导
A: ♣近  cruel, heartless, inhumane, ironfisted, iron-hearted, pitiless, merciless, mortal, relentless, remorseless
A: ♣反  charitable, compassionate, humane, kindhearted, merciful, sympathetic, tender 有同情心的，善良的

Q:sabotage  ['sæbətɑ:ʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 妨害，破坏： treacherous action to defeat or hinder a cause or an endeavor; deliberate subversion
A: ♣例  sabotage of the project by government officials 被政府官员阻止的项目
A: ♣近  damage, impairment, subversion, undermining
A: ♣反  assistance 支援
A: ♠考法2  vt. 从事破坏活动，阻止：to practice sabotage on
A: ♣例  He sabotaged his opponent's campaign with rumors. 他用谣言来破坏对手的竞选活动。‖My ex-wife deliberately sabotages my access to the children. 我的前妻故意想方设法阻止我和我的孩子们见面。
A: ♣近  disrupt, foil, frustrate, obstruct, undermine
A: ♣反  assist, support 支持；advance, cultivate, forward, foster, further, nurture, promote 促进

Q:saccharine  ['sækərain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 像糖一样的，有甜味的： of, relating to, or resembling that of sugar
A: ♣例  a powdery substance with a saccharine taste 有甜味的粉状物质
A: ♣近  cloying, sugary
A: ♣反  bitter 苦涩的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 做作的，矫情的： appealing to the emotions in an obvious and tiresome way
A: ♣例  The movie was funny, but it had a saccharine ending in which everyone lives happily ever after. 电影还是很有意思的，但是结局太做作了——所有人从此都幸福地生活在了一起。
A: ♣近  fruity, maudlin, mawkish, mushy, sentimental, sugarcoated
A: ♣反  unsentimental 不动感情的

Q:sacrilege  ['sækrilidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 亵渎圣物： desecration, profanation, misuse, or theft of something sacred
A: ♣例  To play Mozart's music on a kazoo is sacrilege. 用小木笛演奏莫扎特的音乐是对它的一种亵渎。
A: ♣近  blasphemy, defilement, desecration, irreverence, impiety, profanation, violation
A: ♣反  adoration, glorification, respect, reverence 爱慕，尊敬
A: ♣派  sacrilegious adj. 不敬的，亵渎神明的

Q:sacrosanct  ['sækrəusæŋkt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极为神圣的，不可侵犯的： most sacred or holy
A: ♣例  The teacher's book of grades is sacrosanct, and someone could be expelled for changing anything in it. 老师记录的成绩小册子是极为神圣的，任何篡改它的人可能受到被退学的惩罚。
A: ♣近  hallowed, holy, inviolable, sacred, unassailable, untouchable
A: ♣反  blasphemous, irreverent, profane, sacrilegious 亵渎的

Q:saddle  ['sædl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使某人负担： to load or burden
A: ♣例  He has saddled himself with a houseful of impecunious relatives. 一屋子的穷亲戚成了他的负担
A: ♣近  burden, encumber, freight, lade, lumber, impose, inflict, tax, weight
A: ♣反  disburden, discharge, disencumber, unburden, unlade, unload 卸下

Q:safeguard  ['seifɡɑ:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 保护措施： a technical contrivance to prevent accident
A: ♣例  legal safeguards against fraud 防止欺诈的法律措施
A: ♣近  aegis, caution, defense, fail-safe, guard, palladium, precaution, preventive, security
A: ♠考法2  v. 保护： to make safe: protect
A: ♣例  sheepdogs safeguard the flock from attacks by wolves 保护兽群免受狼群攻击的牧羊犬
A: ♣近  bulwark, cover, defend, fence, fend, guard, keep, protect, screen, secure, shield, ward
A: ♣反  assail, assault, attack 攻击

Q:sage  [seidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 智者： one (as a profound philosopher) distinguished for wisdom
A: ♣例  The young prince made a pilgrimage to the sage, hoping to learn the meaning of life. 年轻的王子走上了向智者取经的道路，希望能领悟到生命的真谛。
A: ♣近  expert, illuminati, master, mentor, savant, scholar
A: ♣反  dolt, fool, idiot, simpleton 傻子
A: ♣派  sagacious adj. 睿智的；sagacity n. 聪慧

Q:salient  ['seiljənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 显著的，最突出的： standing out conspicuously
A: ♣例  The most salient feature of the book is its papyrus cover. 该书最明显的特点就是莎草纸的封面。
A: ♣近  conspicuous, noticeable, outstanding, prominent, remarkable, striking
A: ♣反  inconspicuous, unnoticeable 不明显的
A: ♣派  salience n. 突出，特点

Q:salubrious  [sə'lju:briəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有益健康的： favorable to or promoting health or well-being
A: ♣例  Every year I go to Kunming to enjoy its cool and salubrious climate. 每年我都会去昆明享受它那凉爽宜人的气候。
A: ♣近  good, healthy, restorative, salutary, tonic, wholesome
A: ♣反  debilitating, deleterious, noxious, virulent 有害的，有毒的

Q:salutary  ['sæljutəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有益健康的： beneficial, promoting health
A: ♣例  a salutary warning 善意的警告
A: ♣近  good, healthy, restorative, salubrious, tonic, wholesome
A: ♣反  debilitating, deleterious, noxious, virulent 有害的，有毒的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有利的，利好的： promoting or contributing to personal or social well-being
A: ♣例  The low interest rates should have a salutary effect on business. 低利率对于商业而言应该是有利的。
A: ♣近  advantageous, benefic, beneficent, benignant, favorable, friendly, helpful, kindly, profitable
A: ♣反  bad, disadvantageous, unfavorable, unfriendly, unhelpful, unprofitable 不利的

Q:salutation  [,sælju:'teiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 致敬，打招呼（表示欢迎和礼貌）： a polite expression of greeting or goodwill
A: ♣例  The veteran stepped forward, raising his hand in salutation. 老兵向前一步，举起手致敬。
A: ♣近  greeting, regards, salute
A: ♣反  farewell, bon voyage （离别时的）再见，一路顺风
A: ♠考法2  n. 表扬： a formal expression praise
A: ♣例  The speaker introduced the evening's honored guest with a lavish salutation. 主持人用大量表扬的话介绍了今晚的嘉宾。
A: ♣近  accolade, citation, commendation, eulogium, eulogy, homage, hymn, paean, panegyric, tribute
A: ♣派  salute v. 敬礼，致敬

Q:salvage  ['sælvidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v. （从灾难中）抢救： to save from loss or destruction
A: ♣例  salvaged the torpedoed vessel 拯救被鱼雷击中的舰艇
A: ♣近  rescue, retrieve, save
A: ♣反  abandon, desert, forsake 放弃，抛弃
A: ♣派  salvageable adj. 可以挽回的

Q:salve  [sælv]
A: ♠考法1  v. 减轻，缓解： quiet, assuage
A: ♣例  The company give him a raise in salary to salve his feelings. 公司决定给他加薪以安抚他的感情
A: ♣近  allay, balm, becalm, compose, lull, lullaby, quiet, settle, soothe, still, tranquilize
A: ♣反  agitate, discompose, disquiet, disturb, perturb, upset, vex 打扰，扰乱

Q:sanctify  ['sæŋktifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使神圣，敬为神： to make holy
A: ♣例  The Constitution sanctified the rights of the people. 宪法认为人权是至高无上的。
A: ♣近  consecrate, hallow
A: ♣反  desecrate, profane 亵渎
A: ♣派  sanctification n. 敬为神明

Q:sanctimonious  [,sæŋkti'məuniəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 假装虔诚的： hypocritically pious or devout
A: ♣例  a sickening sanctimonious smile 令人厌恶的伪善的笑容
A: ♣近  canting, deceiving, hypocritical
A: ♣反  devout, religious, pious 虔诚的

Q:sanction  ['sæŋ,kʃən]
A: ♠考法1  v. 批准，同意，认可： to make valid or binding usually by a formal procedure (as ratification)
A: ♣例  The President sanctioned covert operations. 总统批准了秘密行动‖The administration will sanction almost any field trip with educational value. 基本上任何有教育意义的实地考察都可以得到批准。
A: ♣近  accredit, approbate, authorize, certify, confirm, finalize, formalize, license, ratify, warrant
A: ♣反  interdict, prohibit, proscribe 禁止；decline, deny, disallow, disapprove, negative, reject, veto 否决
A: ♠考法2  n. 制裁： an economic or military coercive measure adopted usually by several nations in concert for forcing a nation violating international law to desist or yield to adjudication
A: ♣例  Another trade sanction is in effect. 又一项贸易制裁生效了。
A: ♣近  penalty, punishment

Q:sanctuary  ['sæŋktju'ri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 避难所： a place of refuge and protection
A: ♣例  In earlier times a criminal could use a church as a sanctuary. 在早期，犯罪分子可以将教堂当作避难所。
A: ♣近  asylum, cover, harbor, haven, port, refuge, shelter

Q:sand  [sænd]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 磨光： to make smooth by friction
A: ♣例  Be sure to sand before you paint the shelf. 在上漆之前一定要先磨光。
A: ♣反  buff, file, hone, rasp, rub

Q:sanguine  ['sæŋɡwin]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 乐观的，确信的： having or showing a mind free from doubt
A: ♣例  I'm reasonably sanguine about the adoption of the latest proposal. 我非常看好最新的那项提议获得通过。
A: ♣近  assured, confident, doubtless, implicit, positive
A: ♣反  doubtful, dubious, uncertain, unsure 怀疑的，不确信的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 面色红润的： having a healthy reddish skin tone
A: ♣例  a baby with a sanguine complexion is more likely to leave the hospital early than a sickly-looking one 面色红润的新生儿比病怏怏的能更早出院
A: ♣近  blooming, florid, flush, glowing, rosy, rubicund
A: ♣反  ashy, doughy, livid, lurid, mealy, pale, pallid, pasty, peaky, sallow, wan 面色苍白的

Q:sanitary  ['sænitəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 健康的，清洁的： of or relating to health
A: ♣例  sanitary measures 保健的手段
A: ♣近  aseptic, germfree, hygienic, sterile
A: ♣反  noxious 有毒的

Q:sap  [sæp]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 削弱： to weaken or exhaust the energy or vitality of
A: ♣例  Weeks of hard work had sapped hum and left him exhausted. 连续几周辛苦工作让他筋疲力尽。
A: ♣近  debilitate, devitalize, enervate, enfeeble, etiolate, prostrate
A: ♣反  bolster, fortify, invigorate, beef up 增强，使有活力
A: ♠考法2  n. 健康，活力： active strength of body or mind
A: ♣例  a child full of sap and vivacity 活力满满的孩子
A: ♣近  dynamism, energy, esprit, get-up-and-go, gusto, verve, vim, vitality
A: ♣反  lethargy, listlessness, sluggishness, torpidity 无精打采

Q:sapient  ['seipiənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 聪明的，有洞察力的： having or showing deep understanding and intelligent application of knowledge
A: ♣例  a man who is always good for valuable insights and some sapient advice 一个以见解深刻、建议明智著称的男人
A: ♣近  discerning, insightful, perceptive, prudent, sagacious, sage
A: ♣反  foolish, unperceptive, unwise 愚蠢的，不明智的

Q:sarcasm  ['sɑ:kæzəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 讽刺，轻蔑： a sharp and often satirical or ironic utterance designed to cut or give pain
A: ♣例  a voice full of sarcasm 充满轻蔑的言论
A: ♣近  affront, barb, indignity, offense, slap, slight, slur
A: ♣反  praise 表扬

Q:sartorial  [sɑ:'tɔ:riəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 裁缝匠的，裁缝的： of or relating to a tailor or tailored clothes
A: ♣例  poor sartorial taste 很烂的穿衣品位

Q:sate  [seit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使饱足，充分满足： to glut; to satisfy (an appetite) fully
A: ♣例  The information sated her curiosity. 这个消息满足了她的好奇心。
A: ♣近  cram, glut, stuff, surfeit, satiate
A: ♣反  starve 饿

Q:satiate  ['seiʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  v./adj. 饱足，过分满足： to satisfy fully or to excess
A: ♣例  A long drink of water satiated my thirst. 一顿痛饮之后我的口渴得到了缓解
A: ♣近  replete, sate, stuff, surfeit
A: ♣反  tantalize 挑逗，不去满足

Q:satire  ['sætaiə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 讽刺诗，讽剌文学： a literary work holding up human vices and follies to ridicule or scorn
A: ♣例  a satire about the music industry in which a handsome but untalented youth is turned into a rock star 一部关于一个长得帅却没才华的年轻人如何被打造成一个摇滚巨星的讽刺文学作品
A: ♣近  lampoon, pasquinade

Q:satirize  ['sætəraiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 讽刺： to ridicule or attack by means of satire
A: ♣例  The movie satirizes contemporary life. 这部电影讽刺当下生活。

Q:saturate  ['sætʃəreit]
A: ♠考法1  v./adj. 使饱和，浸透： to wet thoroughly with liquid
A: ♣例  Saturate the sponge with water. 将海绵浸透
A: ♣近  bathe, douse, drench, soak, souse, bedraggle
A: ♣反  wring out

Q:saturnine  ['sætə(:)nain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 忧郁的，阴沉的： causing or marked by an atmosphere lacking in cheer
A: ♣例  The men awaiting interrogation by the police shared a saturnine silence. 等待警察审问的人们脸色阴沉，沉默不语。
A: ♣近  bleak, depressive, dismal, dreary, miserable, solemn
A: ♣反  jovial, bright, cheerful, comforting, cordial, festive, heartwarming, sunshiny 欢乐的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 讥讽的： having a sardonic aspect
A: ♣例  a saturnine smile 讥讽的笑容
A: ♣反  genial 友善的

Q:saunter  ['sɔ:ntə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 闲逛，漫步： to travel by foot for exercise or pleasure
A: ♣例  sauntered slowly down the street 在街上闲逛
A: ♣近  amble, ramble, range, stroll, wander, perambulate

Q:savant  ['sævənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 博学之士，学者： a person of learning
A: ♣例  a savant in the field of medical ethics 医学伦理方面的专家
A: ♣近  pundit, scholar
A: ♣反  unlearned person 没有学问的人

Q:savory  ['seivəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 口感好的，味道好的： appetizing to the taste or smell
A: ♣例  cedar is one of the most savory of all woods 雪松是所有树木中味道最好闻的
A: ♣近  ambrosial, appetizing, dainty, palatable, scrumptious
A: ♣反  noisome, fetid, foul, malodorous, putrid, rancid, reeking, smelly, stenchy, stinky 难闻的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 令人愉悦的： giving pleasure or contentment to the mind or senses
A: ♣例  having to fire someone was not a task that the manager found at all savory 经理发现不得不开除某人是件非常不讨好的事
A: ♣近  agreeable, blessed, congenial, delectable, delicious, delightful, dulcet, enjoyable, felicitous, grateful, gratifying, heavenly, jolly, luscious, palatable, pleasurable, satisfying, tasty, welcome
A: ♣反  disagreeable, pleasureless, unpalatable, unpleasant, unwelcome 讨厌的，不受欢迎的

Q:savvy  ['sævi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 老练，机智： knowledge gained by actually doing or living through something
A: ♣例  political savvy 政治上的老脸精明
A: ♣近  chops, expertise, proficiency, know-how
A: ♣反  simplicity, tactlessness, inexperience 单纯，缺乏经验
A: ♠考法2  v. 明确了解： to have a clear idea of
A: ♣例  The man growled, “Don't ever date my daughter again—you savvy?” 那男人咆哮道，“你丫以后不准再见我女儿，你的明白？”
A: ♣近  appreciate, apprehend, assimilate, behold, catch on, cognize, compass, conceive, decipher, decode, discern, grasp, perceive, recognize, register, seize, tumble to
A: ♣反  miss 不理解
A: ♠考法3  adj. 有见识，精明能干的： having or showing a practical cleverness or judgment
A: ♣例  a particularly savvy investor, he was among the first to see the potential in tech stocks 一个有卓识远见的投资者，是第一批看到科技类股票升值潜力的人
A: ♣近  astute, canny, clear-eyed, clear-sighted, hard-boiled, hardheaded, heady, sharp, sharp-witted, smart
A: ♣反  unknowing 无知的

Q:scads  [skædz]
A: ♠考法1  n. 许多，大量： a large number or quantity
A: ♣例  scads of people showed up for the party 参加派对的人们蜂拥而至
A: ♣近  abundance, plenitude, profusion, slew, spate, wealth
A: ♣反  paucity 极小量

Q:scant  [skænt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不足的，缺乏的： barely or scarcely sufficient
A: ♣例  jobs for teenagers were scant that summer 那年暑假适合青少年们做的工作很少
A: ♣近  exiguous, niggardly, scarce, sparse, stingy
A: ♣反  considerable, copious, voluminous, profuse, myriad 大量的，相当多的

Q:scathing  ['skeiðiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 尖酸刻薄的： marked by the use of wit that is intended to cause hurt feelings
A: ♣例  a scathing review of the book 尖刻的书评
A: ♣近  acerbic, acid, acrid, pungent, scalding, snarky, tart
A: ♣反  polite, calm compliment 客气的，平静的称赞

Q:schism  ['sizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不一致： a lack of agreement or harmony
A: ♣例  a schism between political parties 党派间的冲突
A: ♣近  conflict, discordance, disharmony, dissidence, dissonance, disunion, friction, strife
A: ♣反  accord, agreement, concord, harmony, peace 一致

Q:scintillate  ['sintileit]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 闪耀： to emit sparks
A: ♣例  diamond ring scintillated in the sunlight 钻戒在阳光下闪闪发光
A: ♣近  gleam, glimmer, glisten, glister, luster, sparkle, winkle
A: ♣派  scintillating 才气横溢的：brilliantly lively, stimulating, or witty
A: ♣例  a scintillating conversation
A: ♣反  dull, foolly 迟钝的

Q:scion  ['saiən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 子孙： descendant, child
A: ♣例  scion of a railroad empire 铁路大王的后代
A: ♣反  ancestor 前辈

Q:scission  ['siʒən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 切断，分离，分裂： a division or split in a group or union: schism
A: ♣例  The scission of the labor union will compromise the workers' bargaining power 工会内部的分裂会削弱工人讨价的力量
A: ♣近  bifurcation, cleavage, dissolution, division, partition, schism, sundering
A: ♣反  unification, union 统一

Q:scoff  [skɔf]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 嘲笑： to treat or address with derision: mock
A: ♣例  scoffed at the idea 对这个提议不屑一顾
A: ♠考法2  v. 狼吞虎咽： to swallow or eat greedily
A: ♣例  scoffed dinner before running off to the basketball game 风卷残云般把晚饭消灭了，就直奔向篮球场
A: ♣近  cram, devour, glut, gorge, gormandize, gulp, ingurgitate, inhale, raven

Q:scorch  [skɔ:tʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 炙烤，烘干： to burn on the surface; to make dry
A: ♣例  scorching sun 火辣辣的太阳
A: ♣近  dehydrate, desiccate, parch, sear, singe
A: ♣反  dampen, hydrate, wash, water, wet 使潮湿

Q:scorn  [skɔ:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 轻蔑，鄙视，不屑： reject or dismiss as contemptible or unworthy
A: ♣例  They were scorned as fanatics. 他们被指责为狂热分子。
A: ♣近  despise, disregard, flout, contemn, disdain, slight, look down (on or upon)
A: ♣反  adulate; venerate, honor, respect, revere 谄媚；尊敬

Q:scotch  [skɔtʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 停止： to put an abrupt end to
A: ♣例  The prime minister scotched the rumors of her illness. 首相出面澄清了关于她死亡的谣言。
A: ♣近  hinder, thwart

Q:scour  ['skauə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 用力擦洗： to clean, polish, or wash by scrubbing vigorously
A: ♠考法2  vt. 搜查： to look through (as a place) carefully or thoroughly in an effort to find or discover something
A: ♣例  the police scoured the city for the criminal 警方全城搜索罪犯
A: ♣近  comb, dig through, dredge, hunt through, rake, ransack, rifle, rummage, sort through, troll

Q:scourge  [skə:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 祸害： a source of harm or misfortune
A: ♣例  The sheer ubiquity of food seems to be the scourge of humanity, as evidenced by the obesity epidemic. 无所不在的食品似乎要成为人类的罪恶之源了，这一点可以从肥胖病的泛滥得以佐证。
A: ♣近  affliction, bane, curse, nemesis
A: ♣反  benefit, blessing, boon, felicity, godsend, manna, windfall 恩赐，福音

Q:scowl  [skaul]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 皱眉（表现出不高兴）： to contract the brow in an expression of displeasure
A: ♣例  scowled down at the misbehaving child 对淘气的孩子皱起了眉
A: ♣近  frown, pout, glare, gloom, glower, lower
A: ♣反  beam, grin, smile 微笑（表示高兴）

Q:scrap  [skræp]
A: ♠考法1  n. 废料，废物： discarded or useless material
A: ♣例  The rest of this stuff is just scrap, so sweep it up and throw it away. 剩下的这堆东西都是没用的，把它们打扫一下就扔了吧。
A: ♣近  chaff, debris, dreck, dross, dust, effluvium, junk, litter, offal, offscouring, raffle, refuse, riffraff, rubbish, waste
A: ♠考法2  vt. 抛弃： to get rid of as useless or unwanted
A: ♣例  We've decided to scrap the first car. 我们决定丢弃第一辆车。
A: ♣近  ditch, dump, jettison, junk, toss, throw away
A: ♣反  retrieve 找回
A: ♠考法3  v. 终止，放弃原计划： to put an end to (something planned or previously agreed to)
A: ♣例  We scrapped our plans to go to Paris, and set out the next day for Prague. 我们取消了去巴黎的计划，第二天启程奔赴布拉格。
A: ♣近  abandon, abort, drop, recall, repeal, rescind, revoke, call off, cry off
A: ♣反  continue, keep 继续，持续

Q:scrappy  ['skræpi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 好斗的，好吵架的： having an aggressive and determined spirit，quarrelsome
A: ♣例  She was a scrappy girl despite—or, perhaps, because of—her small size. 这个妹子好打斗，但是身材娇小，不过这很可能是原因
A: ♣近  aggressive, assaultive, combative, militant, pugnacious, truculent
A: ♣反  nonaggressive, nonbelligerent, pacific, peaceful, unbelligerent, uncombative,, timorous 胆小的，爱好和平的

Q:scrawl  [skrɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 乱涂，潦草地写： to write or draw awkwardly, hastily, or carelessly
A: ♣例  scrawled a quick note, stuck it in their mailbox, and hurried off 草草写了张便条，塞进他们的信箱然后匆匆跑了
A: ♣近  scratch, squiggle
A: ♣反  write carefully 仔细地写

Q:screen  [skri:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 掩护物，屏障： something that shelters, protects, or hides
A: ♣例  The target will be difficult to reach as it is behind a screen of anti-aircraft batteries. 目标在防空炮火的掩护之下难以靠近。‖Please keep away from the screen door. 请不要倚靠屏蔽门。
A: ♣近  aegis, ammunition, armor, cover, guard, protection, safeguard, security, shield, wall, ward
A: ♠考法2  vt. 保护，使…免受攻击： to drive danger or attack away from
A: ♣例  Gunships were called in to help screen the troops from further attacks. 武装直升机被呼叫对步兵进行支援，使之免受进一步的攻击。
A: ♣近  defend, fence, fend, forfend, protect, secure
A: ♣反  assail, assault, attack 攻击
A: ♠考法3  vt. 掩护，遮蔽： to keep secret or shut off from view
A: ♣例  Bushes screened the swimming pool from passersby on the street. 灌木丛将游泳池和外面的行人隔绝开来。
A: ♣近  belie, cloak, conceal, curtain, disguise, enshroud, mask, obscure, occult, shroud, veil
A: ♣反  disclose, expose, reveal, uncloak, uncover, unmask, unveil 揭露

Q:scribble  ['skribl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 潦草地书写，乱写： to cover with scribbles, doodles, or meaningless marks
A: ♣例  Students scribbled furiously as the teacher lectured. 老师一边讲，学生们一边狂抄笔记。
A: ♣近  scratch, scrawl, squiggle

Q:scrimp  [skrimp]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 节俭： to avoid unnecessary waste or expense
A: ♣例  They had to scrimp and save for years in order to be able to afford a house. 他们不得不节俭度日才能攒够钱买房。
A: ♣近  conserve, economize, husband, pinch, save, skimp, spare
A: ♣反  dissipate, lavish, squander, waste 浪费

Q:scruple  ['skru:pl]
A: ♠考法1  n. （良心上的）不安： an uneasy feeling about the rightness of what one is doing or going to do
A: ♣例  The survey showed that many students had few scruples about cheating on papers or exams. 调查显示很多学生对于在考试时作弊没有丝毫的愧疚。
A: ♣近  compunction, misgiving
A: ♣反  assurance, certainty, certitude, confidence, conviction, sureness 确信

Q:scrupulous  ['skru:pjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 正直的： guided by or in accordance with one's sense of right and wrong; principled
A: ♣例  Less scrupulous companies find ways to evade the law. 道德程度略低的公司钻法律的空子。
A: ♣近  conscionable, ethical, honest, honorable, moral, principled
A: ♣反  cutthroat, dishonest, dishonorable, immoral, unconscionable, unethical, unjust, unprincipled 不道德的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 一丝不苟的： taking, showing, or involving great care and effort
A: ♣例  The task requires scrupulous attention to detail. 这项任务需要对细节一丝不苟。
A: ♣近  careful, conscientious, fussy, meticulous

Q:scrutable  ['skru:təbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可以理解的： capable of being understood through study and observation; comprehensible.
A: ♣例  Her machinations and motives are all too scrutable to us who know her. 她的阴谋和动机对于了解她的我们来说非常昭然若揭
A: ♣近  accessible, apprehensible, comprehensible, fathomable, legible
A: ♣反  mysterious, incoherent, incomprehensible, inscrutable, insensible 神秘而不可知的

Q:scrutinize  ['skru:tinaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 仔细检查： to examine or observe with great care
A: ♣例  I closely scrutinized my opponent's every move. 我仔细注意着对手的每一个举动。
A: ♣近  examine, review, scan, survey, plumb, check (out)
A: ♣反  casually glance, gloss over 随意一瞥，敷衍处理

Q:scuff  [skʌf]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 磨损： to become scratched, chipped, or roughened by wear
A: ♣例  a countertop that won't scuff 一块不易磨损的厨房台面
A: ♣近  abrade, graze, scratch
A: ♠考法2  v. 脚步拖沓： to move heavily or clumsily
A: ♣例  The miners scuffed past in heavy boots. 矿工们脚着厚重的靴子，步履蹒跚。
A: ♣近  barge, clomp, clump, flog, flounder, lump, plod, pound, shamble, slog, slough, stamp, stomp, stumble, stump, tramp, tromp, trudge
A: ♣反  breeze, coast, glide, slide, whisk 滑行

Q:scurrilous  ['skʌriləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 说粗话的： given to the use of vulgar, coarse, or abusive language
A: ♣例  scurrilous attacks on the senator 对参议院粗俗的攻击
A: ♣近  contumelious, invective, opprobrious, truculent, vitriolic, vituperative

Q:scurvy  ['skə:vi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 下流，让人鄙视的： mean; contemptible
A: ♣例  She was beset by a whole scurvy swarm of con artists. 她被一群下流的骗子艺术家蜂拥围攻。
A: ♣近  deplorable, despicable, grubby, lousy, scummy, wretched
A: ♣反  admirable, commendable, creditable, laudable, meritorious, praiseworthy 让人称赞的

Q:seamy  ['si:mi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 肮脏的，堕落的： sordid; base
A: ♣例  the seamy side of urban life 城市生活的肮脏面
A: ♣近  sordid, base
A: ♣反  decent and respectable 适当而值得尊敬的

Q:secede  [si'si:d]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 脱离，退出（组织、团体、联盟等）： to withdraw from an organization (as a religious communion or political party or federation)
A: ♣例  They threatened to secede from the coalition. 他们以退出联盟相要挟。
A: ♣近  demit, disaffiliate, quit, withdraw
A: ♣反  enlist, enroll, join, sign up 加入

Q:secluded  [si'klu:did]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 隐僻的，隐蔽的： screened or hidden from view
A: ♣例  secluded monks 隐居的僧人
A: ♣近  cloistered, covert, isolated, remote, retired, sheltered

Q:secrete  [si'kri:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 隐藏： to conceal in a hiding place; cache
A: ♣例  The police found the weapon secreted under the driver's seat of the getaway car. 警方在逃逸车辆驾驶座下发现了隐藏的武器。
A: ♣近  bury, cache, conceal, ensconce
A: ♣反  divulge, display, exhibit 泄密，展示
A: ♠考法2  vt. 分泌： to generate and separate (a substance) from cells or bodily fluids
A: ♣反  absorb 吸收

Q:sectarianism  [sek'tεəriənizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 宗派主义，顽固： stubborn or intolerant adherence to one's opinions or prejudices
A: ♣例  An ideological sectarianism prevented the political party from ever being anything more than a fringe group. 意识形态上的顽固和保守使得这个政党只能成为一个边缘团体。
A: ♣近  dogmatism, illiberalism, intolerance, narrow-mindedness, partisanship, small-mindedness
A: ♣反  broad-mindedness, liberalism, open-mindedness, tolerance 开明

Q:secular  ['sekjulə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 世俗的，尘世的： of or relating to the worldly or temporal
A: ♣例  That’s an issue for the secular authorities, not the church. 这个问题和宗教无关，是一个世俗事务。
A: ♣近  carnal, earthborn, earthbound, fleshly, material, mundane, sublunary, temporal, terrene, terrestrial, worldly
A: ♣反  heavenly, unearthly, unworldly 非尘世间的；spiritual 精神上的；religious 宗教的

Q:sedate  [si'deit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 淡定的，安静的： free from emotional or mental agitation
A: ♣例  She remained sedate under pressure. 她在压力下仍保持镇静。
A: ♣近  collected, composed, self-possessed, serene, tranquil, undisturbed, unperturbed, unruffled
A: ♣反  agitated, discomposed, disturbed, flustered, perturbed, upset 不淡定的，狂乱的

Q:sedentary  ['sedəntəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固定不动的： not migratory: settled
A: ♣例  a sedentary lifestyle 很宅的生活方式
A: ♣反  migratory, peripatetic 流动的，巡游的

Q:seduce  [si'dju:s]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 劝说（使不忠，使不服从），诱…误入歧途： to attract or persuade to disobedience or disloyalty
A: ♣例  The other firm seduced him with a better offer. 另一家公司用更高的待遇想挖他墙脚。
A: ♣近  allure, decoy, entice, solicit, tempt, lead on
A: ♣反  repulse, ward off 厌恶，不被吸引

Q:sedulous  ['sedjuləs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勤奋认真的：involving or accomplished with careful perseverance
A: ♣例  a sedulous student 一个勤奋地学生
A: ♣近  assiduous, diligent, industrious, laborious, occupied, tied-up
A: ♣反  idle, inactive, unbusy, unemployed, unoccupied 懒惰的

Q:seemly  ['si:mli]
A: ♠考法1  adv. 得体的，遵守礼节的： following the established traditions of refined society and good taste
A: ♣例  a young lady of seemly appearance, robust health, and keen intelligence 一个打扮得体、身体健康、头脑敏锐的姑娘
A: ♣近  befitting, decent, decorous, genteel, respectable
A: ♣反  uncouth, ribald, indecorous, improper, inappropriate, indecent, indelicate, unbecoming, ungenteel, unseemly 粗俗的，不礼貌的

Q:segment  ['seɡmənt]
A: ♠考法1  vt./n. 分割，部分： to separate into segments
A: ♣例  I think I lost one segment of this model kit. 这套模型的一个零件我找不到了。
A: ♣近  member, partition, portion, section

Q:self-abasement  ['selfə'beismənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 自卑，自谦： degradation or humiliation of oneself
A: ♣反  self-asserting 自信

Q:self-absorbed  ['selfəb'sɔ:bd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 自恋的，自私的： absorbed in one's own thoughts, activities, or interests
A: ♣例  a self-absorbed man who seems utterly oblivious to the social problems of his own urban neighborhood 一个超级自私的人，对于街坊的事情完全视而不见
A: ♣近  narcissistic, self-centered, self-infatuated, self-obsessed, self-oriented, self-preoccupied
A: ♣反  self-forgetting, selfless, unselfish 无私的

Q:seminal  ['seminəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有发展性的： containing or contributing the seeds of later development
A: ♣反  hampering further development 阻碍进一步发展
A: ♠考法2  adj. 创新的： of, relating to, or having the power to originate; creative
A: ♣例  a seminal novel 新颖的小说
A: ♣反  derivative 派生的

Q:sensation  [sen'seiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 感觉，知觉： a perception associated with stimulation of a sense organ or with a specific body condition
A: ♣例  We felt just the smallest sensation of warmth when we leaned against the radiator. 当我们靠着取暖器的时候，我们也仅仅感到了一点点的温度。
A: ♣反  anesthesia, numbness 麻木
A: ♠考法2  n. 轰动事件： a state of intense public interest and excitement
A: ♣例  the rookie hitting sensation of the American League 这个菜鸟的表现轰动了整个全美大联盟
A: ♣近  flash, marvel, miracle, phenomenon, portent, prodigy, splendor
A: ♣反  unnoticed event 不知名的小事

Q:sensitive  ['sensitiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 敏感的： susceptible to the attitudes, feelings, or circumstances of others
A: ♣例  he's very sensitive to the sun and will burn if he's outside for any amount of time 他的皮肤对日光非常敏感，在外时间长了就会烧灼
A: ♣近  susceptible, vulnerable, subject (to)
A: ♣反  numb 麻木的

Q:sentinel  ['sentinəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 哨兵，看守： a person or group that watches over someone or something
A: ♣例  a lone sentinel kept watch over the fort 一个哨兵看守着碉堡
A: ♣近  custodian, guardian, keeper, lookout, minder, sentry, warden, watchman

Q:septic  ['septik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 腐败的，感染的： of, relating to, or causing putrefaction
A: ♣反  free of infection 未被感染的

Q:sepulchral  [si'pʌlkrəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj.阴沉的，丧葬的： causing or marked by an atmosphere lacking in cheer; funereal
A: ♣例  the decrepit mansion had a sepulchral tone that gave everybody a chill 破旧的公馆有着一种坟墓的气息，让人皆为之一颤
A: ♣近  depressing, desolate, dismal, dreary, morose, sullen, tenebrous
A: ♣反  merry, bright, cheery, comforting, cordial, festive, heartwarming, sunshiny 欢快的

Q:sequel  ['si:kwel]
A: ♠考法1  n. 结果： a result or consequence
A: ♣例  Higher prices are a logical sequel to higher costs for manufacturers. 从逻辑上来说，更高的价格是更高的生产成本的结果。
A: ♣近  aftermath, conclusion, consequence, fate, fruit, outcome, product, result, sequence
A: ♣反  antecedent, causation, cause, occasion, reason 起因，原因

Q:sequela  [si'kwi:lə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 结果： a secondary consequence or result
A: ♣反  precursor 先兆

Q:sequester  [si'kwestə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使隔绝，分离： to set apart: segregate
A: ♣例  sequester a jury 让陪审团分开讨论
A: ♣近  insulate, seclude, segregate, separate, cut off
A: ♣反  permit to mingle, desegregate, integrate, reintegrate 混合，综合
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使隐退： to cause to withdraw into seclusion
A: ♣例  She was sequestered in her room. 她深居简出。

Q:sere  [siə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 干枯的，凋萎的： being dried and withered
A: ♣例  a sere region that can't support agriculture 一片贫瘠不能发展农业的地区
A: ♣近  arid, droughty, thirsty, waterless
A: ♣反  lush, damp, dank, humid, moist, wet 葱绿的，湿润的

Q:serendipity  [,serən'dipəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 意外发现珍奇(或称心)事物的本领： the faculty of making fortunate discoveries by accident
A: ♣例  They found each other by pure serendipity. 他俩的相识属于缘分天注定。

Q:serene  [si'ri:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 安静的： free from disturbing noise or uproar
A: ♣例  a serene vacation spot 一处宁谧的度假胜地
A: ♣近  arcadian, calm, hushed, peaceful, placid, restful, still, tranquil
A: ♣反  boisterous, clamorous, clattery, deafening, raucous, roistering, romping, rowdy, tumultuous, unquiet, uproarious
A: ♠考法2  adj. 稳重的，镇静的： unaffected by disturbance; calm and unruffled
A: ♣例  a serene man who was everyone's source of support 一个沉着镇静的男人，他是所有人的精神支柱
A: ♣近  collected, composed, possessed, recollected, undisturbed, unperturbed, unruffled
A: ♣反  agitated, discomposed, disturbed, flustered, perturbed, unhinged, unstrung, upset 暴躁的，不安的
A: ♣派  serenity n. 平静 the quality or state of being serene
A: ♣反  havoc, pandemonium, tumult, bedlam, riot, furor 混乱，骚动

Q:sermon  ['sə:mən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 布道，说教： public speech usually by a member of the clergy for the purpose of giving moral guidance or uplift
A: ♣例  sermon whose message was that we should love our neighbors as much as we love ourselves 主题是教导我们要像爱自己一样爱邻居的一次布道
A: ♣近  homily

Q:serpentine  ['sə:pəntain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 弯曲的： winding or turning one way and another
A: ♣例  the country inn lies at the end of a rather serpentine road 乡村小酒吧坐落在一条非常蜿蜒的道路的尽头
A: ♣近  curved, curvy, devious, sinuous, tortuous, twisted, winding
A: ♣反  direct, straight, straightaway 直的

Q:serrate  ['serit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 锯齿状的： notched or toothed on the edge
A: ♣例  a serrate leaf 锯齿状的叶片
A: ♣反  without notches, smooth 无凹口的，平滑的

Q:serried  ['serid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 密集的： having little space between items or parts
A: ♣例  Flowers came up every spring in their serried ranks. 大量的鲜花在春季盛开。
A: ♣近  compact, dense
A: ♣反  widely separated, airy, loose, open, uncrowded 稀疏的

Q:servile  ['sə:vail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 低下的，卑屈的： meanly or cravenly submissive: abject
A: ♣例  had always maintained a servile attitude around people with money 对有钱人卑躬屈膝
A: ♣近  base, humble, menial, slavish

Q:severe  [si'viə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 严厉的，要求严格的： given to exacting standards of discipline and self-restraint
A: ♣例  a severe, uncompromising teacher 一位严厉、不妥协的老师
A: ♣近  austere, harsh, ramrod, rigid, rigorous, stern
A: ♣反  clement, forbearing, gentle, indulgent, lax, lenient, tolerant 温和的，随意的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 难以承受的，艰难的： difficult to endure
A: ♣例  a severe winter that was among the coldest on record 有记录的最寒冷的冬天之一
A: ♣近  brutal, excruciating, grievous, onerous, oppressive, tough, trying
A: ♣反  easy, light, soft 轻松的

Q:shackle  ['ʃækl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 束缚： to deprive of freedom especially of action by means of restrictions or handicaps
A: ♣例  unwilling to shackle the dogs to the wall of the house 不愿意把狗拴在墙边
A: ♣近  chain, enchain, enfetter, fetter, gyve, handcuff, manacle, pinion, trammel
A: ♣反  loose, emancipate, unbind, unfetter, unshackle 解放
A: ♠考法2  v. 限制，阻碍： to create difficulty for the work or activity of
A: ♣例  shackled by poverty and ignorance 被贫穷和无知所阻碍
A: ♣近  clog, cramp, encumber, fetter, hinder, impede, inhibit, interfere with, manacle, obstruct, short-circuit, stymie, tie up, trammel
A: ♣反  aid, assist, facilitate, help 促进，帮助

Q:shadow  ['ʃædəu]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 偷偷尾随： to follow especially secretly: trail
A: ♣例  shadowing the suspect to see what he was up to 尾随嫌犯行踪
A: ♣近  chase, course, pursue, trace, track, trail
A: ♣派  shadowy 模糊的：faintly perceptible: indistinct
A: ♣例  He had only a shadowy idea of what they wanted him to do. 他对要做的事只有一个模糊的想法。

Q:shallow  ['ʃæləu]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 浅显的，浅薄的： having or showing a lack of depth of understanding or character
A: ♣例  shallow generalizations 一个浅显的概览
A: ♣近  facile, one-dimensional, skin-deep
A: ♣反  profound 深刻的，有深度的

Q:sham  [ʃæm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 欺瞒： the quality of deceitfulness; empty pretense
A: ♣例  condemned the rigged election as a total sham 指责这次有作弊的选举是彻头彻尾的骗局
A: ♣反  debunk 揭穿真相
A: ♠考法2  v. 掩饰，假装： to present a false appearance of
A: ♣例  shammed a most unconvincing limp just to get sympathy 非常拙劣地假装自己腿脚不便，以博得同情
A: ♣近  act, affect, bluff, counterfeit, dissemble, fake, simulate, pretend, profess, put on, pass for
A: ♠考法3  adj. 虚假的： not genuine; fake
A: ♣例  street vendors selling sham designer handbags to gullible tourists 街头小贩向易上当的游客兜售山寨的设计师手包
A: ♣近  bogus, forged, phony, spurious, unauthentic
A: ♣反  genuine, authentic, bona fide, real, unfaked 真正的

Q:shift  [ʃift]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 改变…的位置： to change the place or position of
A: ♣例  She shifted the vase closer to the wall so that it wouldn't get knocked over. 她把花瓶靠墙挪动了一点，从而防止它被碰倒。
A: ♣近  budge, dislocate, displace, disturb, relocate, remove, reposition, transfer, transpose
A: ♣反  anchor, fix, freeze, secure, set 使固定
A: ♠考法2  vi. 改变，变化： to pass from one form, state, or level to another
A: ♣例  She watched the aurora in fascination as its colors shifted from green to blue. 她着迷地看着极光的色彩从绿变成蓝。
A: ♣近  fluctuate, mutate, snap, vary
A: ♣反  plateau, stabilize 达到稳定点，不变
A: ♠考法3  vt. 交换： to give up (something) and take something else in return
A: ♣例  My father and I shifted seats just before takeoff so that I could sit by the window. 起飞前我和我父亲交换了座位，这样我就可以靠窗坐了。
A: ♣近  commute, exchange, shift, substitute, swap, switch, trade

Q:shiftless  ['ʃiftlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 胸无大志，懒惰的： lacking in ambition or incentive: lazy
A: ♣例  shiftless spongers who never thought to do anything for themselves 无志气的弃民们，从来没有想过改变自己
A: ♣近  idle, indolent, slothful
A: ♣反  industrious 勤奋的

Q:shifty  ['ʃifti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （显得）狡诈的，（显得）欺诈的： having, displaying, or suggestive of deceitful character
A: ♣例  shifty practices such as turning back the odometers on used cars 一些欺骗性的花招，比如把旧车的里程表调零‖He had a shifty face so I won’t trust him. 他看起来贼目鼠眼的，我不会相信他。
A: ♣近  crooked, deceitful, deceptive, duplicitous, fraudulent, guileful, rogue, shady, sharp, underhanded
A: ♣近  aboveboard, honest, straight 正派的，光明正大的

Q:shipshape  ['ʃipʃeip]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 井然有序的： marked by meticulous order and neatness
A: ♣例  I like to keep my car shipshape. 我喜欢打理我的车。
A: ♣近  antiseptic, kempt, orderly, prim, uncluttered, well-groomed
A: ♣反  disheveled, disordered, disorderly, messy, sloven, unkempt, untidy

Q:shirk  [ʃə:k]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 逃避，规避： to get or keep away from (as a responsibility) through cleverness or trickery
A: ♣例  shirk one’s duty 逃避责任
A: ♣近  avoid, dodge, elude, eschew, evade, shun, weasel out of

Q:shoal  [ʃəul]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 浅的： having little depth ; shallow.
A: ♣例  shoal waters of the bay 海湾附近的浅水区
A: ♣反  deep 深的

Q:shopworn  ['ʃɔpwɔ:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 陈旧的： worn-out, as from overuse; trite
A: ♣例  the shopworn suggestion to job applicants to “just be yourself” 老掉牙的让应征者“做你自己”的提议
A: ♣近  banal, cliché, commonplace, hackneyed, trite, well-worn
A: ♣反  new, fresh, novel, original, unclichéd, unhackneyed 新的

Q:shred  [ʃred]
A: ♠考法1  n. 少量： a small amount; a particle
A: ♣例  He struggled to retain a shred of his dignity. 他勉强挽救了一点尊严。
A: ♣近  crumb, driblet, mite, scintilla, spark, speck, sprinkling, tad

Q:shrewd  [ʃru:d]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精明的，机敏的： having or showing a practical cleverness or judgment
A: ♣例  He's shrewd about his investments. 他是个精明的投资人。
A: ♣近  crafty, cunning, devious, sly, subtle, wily, astute, savvy, sharp
A: ♣反  foolish, na?ve, unknowing 愚蠢的，幼稚的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 刺骨的，强烈的： causing intense discomfort to one's skin
A: ♣例  She pulled her coat tighter against the shrewd breeze whipping down the alley. 巷子里挂着刺骨的风，她拉紧了大衣。
A: ♣近  biting, bitter, keen, penetrating, piercing, raw, sharp, stinging

Q:shrink  [ʃriŋk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 在数量或价值方面变低；减小： to become reduced in amount or value; dwindle:
A: ♣例  His savings quickly shrank. 他的存款急剧减少。
A: ♣近  compress, condense, constrict
A: ♣反  balloon, expand, snowball, swell
A: ♠考法2  v. 本能性地退却（如因遇到使人惊恐的某物）；退缩： to draw back instinctively, as from something alarming; recoil
A: ♣例  shrinking back from the approaching flames 对着燃烧的火焰望而却步
A: ♣近  blench, cringe, quail, recoil, squinch, wince
A: ♠考法3  v. 表示出不情愿；犹豫： to show reluctance; hesitate:
A: ♣例  shrink from making such a sacrifice 对做出这样的牺牲犹豫不决

Q:shroud  [ʃraud]
A: ♠考法1  n. 隐蔽物，可起隐藏、保护或屏护作用的某物： something that conceals, protects, or screens:
A: ♣例  under a shroud of fog 在迷雾的掩护下
A: ♠考法2  v. 将…从视线中隔离，遮蔽： to shut off from sight; screen
A: ♣例  shrouded the fact that the child had been adopted 将孩子是领养的这个事实隐藏起来
A: ♣近  belie, blanket, cloak, conceal, cover, curtain, disguise, mask, occult, screen, veil, blot out, paper over
A: ♣反  bare, disclose, display, divulge, expose, reveal, show 展示，暴露

Q:shrug  [ʃrʌɡ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 轻视，忽略： to dismiss as of little importance
A: ♣例  The administration was willing to shrug off the problem. 当局有意忽略这个问题。
A: ♣近  disregard, gloss, ignore, minimize, overlook, overpass, slight, slur, wink
A: ♣反  attend, heed, mind 留心，注意
A: ♠考法2  v. 脱下（衣物等）： to rid oneself of (a garment)
A: ♣例  She shrugged off her coat and hung it up neatly. 她脱下了她的大衣，将其整齐地挂好。
A: ♣近  doff, douse, put off, take off
A: ♣反  don, put on 穿上

Q:shun  [ʃʌn]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 避开，避免： to avoid deliberately; keep away from
A: ♣例  After his divorce he found himself being shunned by many of his former friends. 自从他离婚以来，他发现许多曾经的朋友都刻意躲着他。
A: ♣近  avoid, dodge, duck, elude, eschew, evade, finesse, scape, shirk
A: ♣反  accept, embrace, welcome 接受，欢迎；pursue, seek 追寻

Q:sidestep  ['saidstep]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （通过逃避而）不遵守： to avoid having to comply with (something) especially through cleverness
A: ♣例  The eager enlistee sidestepped the regulations by lying about his age. 急切的应募者通过谎报自己的年龄躲过了规定的限制。
A: ♣近  beat, bypass, dodge, shortcut, skirt
A: ♣反  comply, follow, keep, obey, observe 遵守

Q:signal  ['siɡnəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （在重要性、成就方面）非同寻常的： standing above others in rank, importance, or achievement
A: ♣例  The Louisiana Purchase is cited by many historians as one of the most signal events in American history. 从法国手中购买路易斯安那被许多历史学家认为是美国历史上最重要的事件之一。‖a signal feat 一项非同寻常伟业
A: ♣近  distinguished, illustrious, luminous, notable, noteworthy, outstanding, preeminent, prestigious, redoubtable
A: ♣反  average, inferior, mediocre 一般的，低下的；insignificant, minor, unimportant 不重要的
A: ♠考法2  v. 给出信号： to direct or notify by a movement or gesture
A: ♣例  They signaled at me to come over to their table. 他们向我打招呼要我到他们那桌去。‖A lock on the suitcase might signal that there's something of value inside. 手提箱上的锁可能意味着其中有贵重物品。
A: ♣近  beckon, flag, gesture, wave

Q:simile  ['simili]
A: ♠考法1  n. 明喻： a figure of speech comparing two unlike things that is often introduced by like or as
A: ♣例  Even though both similes and metaphors are forms of comparison, similes indirectly compare the two ideas and allow them to remain distinct in spite of their similarities, whereas metaphors compare two things directly. For instance, a simile that compares a person with a bullet would go as follows: "Chris was a record-setting runner as fast as a speeding bullet." A metaphor might read something like, "When Chris ran, he was a speeding bullet racing along the track." 尽管明喻和暗喻都是比喻的手法，明喻会间接地对两个对象进行比较，同时允许差异的存在，而暗喻则直接对两者进行比较。比如说，用明喻来把一个人比作子弹会这样说：“克里斯是一个不断打破记录的选手，他跑得就和高速子弹一样快。”而暗喻可能会说：“当克里斯奔跑的时候，他就是一颗在赛场上高速飞行的子弹。”
A: ♣反  metaphor 暗喻

Q:simpleton  ['simpltən]
A: ♠考法1  n. （缺乏常识的）笨蛋： a person lacking in common sense; a stupid person
A: ♣例  His silly antics at office parties have earned him a reputation as a simpleton. 他在办公室聚会上愚蠢的古怪行为让他被人认为是个蠢货。
A: ♣近  airhead, dolt, donkey, dullard, fool, idiot, moron
A: ♣反  intellectual, sage, wit 智者；genius, prodigy 天才

Q:simulate  ['simjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 假装，模仿： to have or take on the appearance, form, or sound of; imitate
A: ♣例  cosmetics that simulate a suntan 用来模仿晒黑效果的化妆品
A: ♣近  act, affect, assume, counterfeit, dissemble, fake, imitate, pretend, profess, sham
A: ♠考法2  v. 模拟： to create a representation or model of (a physical system or particular situation)
A: ♣例  carrying out an experiment to simulate weightlessness 进行了模拟失重状态的实验

Q:sin  [sin]
A: ♠考法1  n. 罪恶的事： an action that is or is felt to be highly reprehensible; morally unacceptable
A: ♣例  It's a sin to waste food when people are starving. 当有人还在挨饿时浪费食物是一种罪过。
A: ♣近  bad, evildoing, ill, immorality, iniquity, villainy, wrong
A: ♣反  good, morality, right, virtue 美德，美好的行为
A: ♣派  sinful adj. 罪恶的，有罪的

Q:sincere  [sin'siə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 真诚的，不做作的： being without hypocrisy or pretense; true
A: ♣例  She offered a sincere apology for her angry outburst. 她为她先前的盛怒表示诚挚的歉意。
A: ♣近  artless, genuine, heartfelt, honest, ingenuous, innocent, natural, real, true, unaffected, unfeigned
A: ♣反  affected, artful, artificial, assuming, dissembling, fake, guileful, insincere, phony, pretentious 做作的，假装的

Q:sinecure  ['saini,kjuə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 美差： an office or position that requires little or no work and that usually provides an income
A: ♣例  a lucrative sinecure in a big law firm 在大法律公司高报酬的美差
A: ♣反  drudge, drudgery, moil, sweat, toil, travail 艰苦的工作，苦活

Q:sinew  ['sinju:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 活力，力量： vigorous strength; muscular power
A: ♣例  Money is the sinew of love as well as war. 爱情和战争都要用金钱来保证。
A: ♣近  energy, firepower, force, horsepower, might, muscle, potency, power, puissance, strength, vigor
A: ♣反  impotence, impotency, powerlessness, weakness 无力，虚弱

Q:singe  [sindʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 轻微烧焦： to burn superficially or lightly
A: ♣例  The iron is too hot, and you'll singe the nightdress. 熨斗太烫了，你会把睡衣烫坏的。‖The marshmallows got a bit singed over the campfire, but we like them that way. 棉花糖因为营火而有些许烧焦，但我们还是很喜欢它的味道。
A: ♣近  char, scorch, sear
A: ♣反  incinerate 烧成灰烬

Q:sinuous  ['sinjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 蜿蜒的，迂回的： marked by a long series of irregular curves; not direct
A: ♣例  The river flowed in a sinuous path through the lush valley. 蜿蜒曲折的河流流过茂密的山谷。‖Thirty-year-old men are novel, rich in content and sinuous in plots. 三十岁的男人是小说，内容丰富，情节曲折。
A: ♣近  bending, curling, curved, curving, devious, serpentine, tortuous, twisted, winding, windy
A: ♣反  straight, straightaway 直的，直接的

Q:sip  [sip]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （尤指小口地）喝： to swallow in liquid form, especially in small quantities
A: ♣例  slowly sipping the hot soup 慢慢地喝着热汤‖She sipped her coffee while she watched the sun rise. 她一边看着日出，一边喝着她的咖啡。
A: ♣近  gulp, guzzle, hoist, imbibe, quaff, swill
A: ♣反  vomit, throw up 呕吐

Q:skeleton  ['skelitən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骨架，框架： something forming a structural framework
A: ♣例  Only the charred skeleton of the house remained after the fire. 大火过后整个房子只剩下被烧焦的骨架了。‖We saw a skeleton of the report before it was published. 在报告发表之前，我们看到了他的整体框架。
A: ♣近  architecture, configuration, edifice, fabric, framework, framing, infrastructure, shell, structure

Q:skeptic  ['skeptik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 怀疑者： one who instinctively or habitually doubts, questions, or disagrees with assertions or generally accepted conclusions
A: ♣例  You can either be a skeptic or not, but I believe it anyway. 至于你信不信，我反正信了。
A: ♣近  disbeliever, doubter, questioner, unbeliever
A: ♣反  dupe, gull, pigeon 容易上当受骗的人
A: ♣派  skeptical adj. 持怀疑态度的；skepticism n. 怀疑论

Q:skimp  [skimp]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缺乏的，不足的： less plentiful than what is normal, necessary, or desirable
A: ♣例  The dieter complained about skimp meals that were served at the fat farm. 这个节食者抱怨说减肥疗养地的伙食少得可怜。
A: ♣近  exiguous, meager, niggardly, poor, scant, scanty, scarce, skimpy, slender, slim, sparing, sparse, stingy
A: ♣反  abundant, ample, bountiful, copious, generous, liberal, plenteous, plentiful大量的，丰富的
A: ♠考法2  vi. 节省花费，吝啬： to give insufficient or barely sufficient attention or effort to or funds for
A: ♣例  We must skimp and save if we are going to afford a vacation this summer. 要是我们这个夏天要出去旅行，那么就得开始节省出一些钱了。
A: ♣近  pinch, save, scrimp, spare, stint
A: ♣反  dissipate, lavish, prodigalize, squander, waste 浪费，挥霍

Q:skirmish  ['skə:miʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小冲突，争论： a minor or preliminary conflict or dispute
A: ♣例  They had a skirmish over the rules before the debate began. 在辩论开始之前他们就规则而吵了起来。
A: ♣近  altercation, controversy, disagreement, dispute, hassle, imbroglio, quarrel, spat, squabble, tiff, wrangle
A: ♣近  amity, concord, harmony, rapport, rapprochement 和睦，友好

Q:skirt  [skə:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 界限，边界： the line or relatively narrow space that marks the outer limit of something
A: ♣例  an old shack on the skirts of the town 城镇边界上的一座老房子
A: ♣近  borderline, boundary, circumference, compass, confines, edge, frame, fringe, margin, perimeter, periphery, verge
A: ♣反  center, core, kernel 核心
A: ♠考法2  vt. 绕行，避开： to go around or keep away from in order to avoid danger or discovery
A: ♣例  skirted the construction zone 绕开建筑工地‖The new bill would make it harder for companies toskirt environmental regulations. 新的规定会增加公司逃脱环境监管的难度。
A: ♣近  bypass, circumvent, detour, shortcut, sidestep
A: ♣反  pursue, seek 追寻

Q:skittish  ['skitiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 容易受到惊吓的，胆小的： easily frightened
A: ♣例  The kitty is skittish around people she doesn't know. 小猫看到不认识的人就会显得特别胆小害怕。
A: ♣近  fainthearted, fearful, fearsome, mousy, scary, timid, timorous, tremulous
A: ♣反  adventuresome, adventurous, audacious, bold, daring, dashing, gutsy, venturesome, venturous 大胆的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 容易激动的： easily excited by nature
A: ♣例  The skittish colt leapt up when we approached. 一看到我们靠近，小马驹就激动地猛跳起来。
A: ♣近  flighty, fluttery, hyper, hyperactive, hyperkinetic, jittery, jumpy, nervous, skittery, spasmodic, spooky
A: ♣反  imperturbable, nerveless, unexcitable, unflappable, unshakable 不为所动的，沉着的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 善变的，多变的： likely to change frequently, suddenly, or unexpectedly
A: ♣例  The skittish housing market had both buyers and sellers on edge. 变幻莫测的房市让买家和卖家都坐立不安。
A: ♣近  capricious, changeful, flickery, fluctuating, fluid, inconstant, mercurial, mutable, temperamental, uncertain, unstable, unsteady, volatile
A: ♣反  changeless, constant, immutable, invariable, settled, stable, stationary, steady, unvarying 不变的

Q:slack  [slæk]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 松弛的： not tightly fastened, tied, or stretched
A: ♣例  The rope is too slack. 绳子太松了。
A: ♣近  insecure, lax, loosened, relaxed, slackened, unsecured
A: ♣反  taut, tense, tight 拉紧的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 疏忽的，大意的： failing to give proper care and attention
A: ♣例  This building contractor is known mainly for his firm's slack workmanship and slipshod construction. 这个建筑承包商因其手下公司不负责任的粗糙做工和马虎建造的建筑物而闻名。
A: ♣近  careless, derelict, disregardful, lax, lazy, neglectful, neglecting, negligent, remiss
A: ♣反  attentive, careful, conscientious 专心的；alert, heedful, mindful, observant, regardful, vigilant, wary, watchful 警惕的

Q:slake  [sleik]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使满足： to satisfy (a craving); quench
A: ♣例  Mountain climbing has largely slaked my desire for adventure. 登山很大程度上满足了我对探险的渴望。
A: ♣近  assuage, quench, sate, satiate, satisfy
A: ♣反  tantalize, tease 诱惑，挑逗；arouse, excite, pique, stimulate 激起，唤起

Q:slant  [slɑ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  n. （看待问题、思考的）角度，看法： a way of looking at or thinking about something
A: ♣例  an interesting slant on the problem of underage drinking 在青少年饮酒这个问题上一个有趣的视角
A: ♣近  angle, outlook, perspective, standpoint, viewpoint
A: ♠考法2  adj. 倾斜的： running in a slanting direction
A: ♣例  The computer keyboard has a slightly slant surface so that typing is more comfortable for the wrists. 电脑键盘有一个微小的倾斜角，因此打字不会使手腕感到不适。
A: ♣近  canted, graded, inclined, leaning, listing, oblique, pitched, raked, slanted, sloping, tilting
A: ♣反  perpendicular, plumb, vertical 垂直的；horizontal, level 水平的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 歪曲（事实等）： to change so much as to create a wrong impression or alter the meaning of
A: ♣例  Reporters slanted the truth in order to push a political agenda. 为了推动政治进程，记者们歪曲了事实。
A: ♣近  bend, color, distort, falsify, misinterpret, misrelate, misrepresent, misstate, pervert, twist, warp
A: ♣反  clarify, clear, elucidate, illuminate, illustrate 澄清，阐明

Q:slate  [sleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 列入名单，计划，安排： to put (someone or something) on a list
A: ♣例  You've been slated for a three o'clock interview. 你的面试被安排在三点。
A: ♣近  catalog, enroll, enter, index, inscribe, record, register, schedule
A: ♣反  delete, erase 删除，除名

Q:slew  [slu:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大量，许多： a large amount or number
A: ♣例  donate a slew of books to the university library 向大学图书馆捐赠了大量的书籍
A: ♣近  abundance,bundle, dozen, multiplicity, myriad, plentitude, profusion, scad, shipload, volume, wealth
A: ♣反  ace, bit, driblet, glimmer, handful, hint, mite, mouthful, nip, ounce, pittance, sprinkle, trace 少量

Q:slight  [slait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不重要的： deficient in weight, importance
A: ♣例  a slight comedy that did nothing to further her career 一个并没有帮助她事业发展的小喜剧
A: ♣近  fiddling, frivolous, inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, little, minor, minute, nugatory, trifling, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, eventful, important, meaningful, momentous, significant, substantial, weighty 重要的
A: ♠考法2 adj. 轻微的： small in degree
A: ♣例  only a slight chance of success 只有很小的成功概率‖If you have even the slightest doubt, then don't do it. 只要你有一点点疑惑，那就不要去做了。
A: ♣近  fragile, frail, negligible, outside, slim, small, tiny
A: ♣反  distinct 显著的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 轻蔑，看不起： to treat with disdain or indifference
A: ♣例  Those snobbish music critics slight any style of music that doesn't fit their personal taste. 那帮自命不凡的音乐评论家看不起所有不符合他们个人口味的音乐。
A: ♣近  contemn, disdain, disrespect, snub, look down
A: ♣反  esteem, honor, respect, revere, venerate 尊敬
A: ♠考法4  vt. 忽略，疏忽： to fail to give proper attention to
A: ♣例  She slighted several major authors in her survey of 20th-century fiction. 她在调查20世纪幻想文学时中忽略了几个重要的作家。
A: ♣近  b

Q:sling  [sliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 投掷： to send through the air especially with a quick forward motion of the arm
A: ♣例  slinging stones at the checkpoint 朝着检查站扔石头
A: ♣近  cast, chuck, dash, fire, fling, heave, hurl, hurtle, launch, lob, loft, pelt, pitch, toss
A: ♣反  catch 接住

Q:slippery  ['slipəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 光滑的： causing or tending to cause something to slide or fall
A: ♣例  The road is slippery after rain, so drive cautiously. 雨后路滑，谨慎驾驶。
A: ♣近  greased, greasy, lubricated, oiled, slicked, slithery
A: ♣反  coarse, rough 粗糙的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 隐秘的： given to acting in secret and to concealing one's intentions
A: ♣例  a bar where a lot of slippery characters were known to hang out 一个有许多秘密人物出没的酒吧
A: ♣近  furtive, shady, shifty, sly, sneaking, stealthy
A: ♣反  aboveboard 光明正大的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 意义不明确的： not precise or fixed in meaning, elusive or tricky
A: ♣例  a slippery concept that we had trouble understanding 一个难以理解的模糊概念
A: ♣近  ambiguous, elusive, equivocal, evasive, fugitive, obscure, unintelligible, vague
A: ♣反  apparent, clear, distinct, evident, manifest, obvious, palpable, patent, plain, unambiguous, unequivocal 明确的

Q:slipshod  ['slipʃɔd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗心的，随意的： marked by carelessness or indifference to exactness, precision, and accuracy
A: ♣例  a slipshod piece of research 一项随意的研究‖The hotel had always been run in a slipshod way. 酒店总是在以一种随意的状态运营。
A: ♣近  botchy, careless, messy, slapdash, sloppy, slovenly, untidy
A: ♣反  fastidious, meticulous 极仔细的；accurate, exact, precise 准确的

Q:sloppy  ['slɔpi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 邋遢的，不整洁的： lacking neatness in dress or person
A: ♣例  a sloppy child who always seems to have spilled something on his clothes 一个外表邋遢的小孩子，他的衣服似乎总被沾上了什么东西
A: ♣近  blowsy, dowdy, frowsy, slovenly, unkempt, untidy
A: ♣反  dapper, dashing, sharp, smart, spruce 外表整洁的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 混乱的： lacking in order, neatness, and often cleanliness
A: ♣例  dumped the papers in a sloppy pile on the desk 把纸张随意地叠放在书桌上
A: ♣近  chaotic, disarranged, disarrayed, disheveled, disorderly, jumbled, littered, rumpled, tousled, tumbled
A: ♣反  bandbox, crisp, kempt, neat, orderly, organized, shipshape, snug, tidy, trim 有序的

Q:sloth  [slɔθ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 怠惰，懒惰： disinclination to action or labor: indolence
A: ♣例  Sloth is the mother of poverty. 懒惰是贫穷的原因。
A: ♣近  idleness, indolence, inertia, languor, laziness, lethargy, shiftlessness, sluggishness, torpor
A: ♣反  assiduity, diligence, industry 勤奋
A: ♣派  slothful adj. 懒惰的

Q:slouch  [slautʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 懒人： a lazy person
A: ♣例  is no slouch when it comes to cooking 做起饭来可一点也不懒
A: ♣近  deadbeat, drone, idler, loafer, slug, sluggard
A: ♣反  doer, hummer, hustler, rustler 活跃的人，精力充沛的人
A: ♠考法2  vt. 缓慢行走： to go or move slowly or reluctantly
A: ♣例  He slouched towards the church as if going to his own funeral. 他缓缓地向教堂走去，仿佛是要去参加自己的葬礼一般。
A: ♣近  creep, drag, inch, limp, nose, ooze, plod, poke, snail
A: ♣反  fly, race, speed, whiz, zip 快走

Q:slovenly  ['slʌvənli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 邋遢的，不整洁的： lacking neatness in dress or person
A: ♣例  For the sake of their image, the band members transformed themselves from clean-cut lads to slovenly rockers. 为了他们自身的形象，乐队成员从健康向上的青年变成了邋遢的摇滚乐手。
A: ♣近  blowsy, dowdy, frowsy, sloppy, unkempt, untidy
A: ♣反  dapper, dashing, neat, sharp, smart, spruce, trim 外表整洁的

Q:sluggard  ['slʌɡəd]
A: ♠考法1  n. 懒人： an habitually lazy person
A: ♣例  The teacher tried to wake up the sluggards who were still sleeping at that late hour. 老师尝试去叫醒那些还在睡觉的懒鬼们。
A: ♣近  deadbeat, drone, idler, loafer, slouch, slug
A: ♣反  doer, hummer, hustler, rustler 活跃的人，精力充沛的人

Q:sluggish  ['slʌɡiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缓慢的，迟缓的： markedly slow in movement, flow, or growth
A: ♣例  The sluggish pace of the project is worrisome. 项目进展缓慢让人担忧。
A: ♣近  crawling, creeping, dallying, dilatory, dragging, lagging, languid, leisurely, snaillike, tardy, unhurried
A: ♣反  bolting, brisk, fast, fleet, hasty, lightning, meteoric, quick, racing, rapid, rocketing, speedy, swift 快速的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 迟钝的，反应慢的： slow to respond (as to stimulation or treatment)
A: ♣例  Reptiles are naturally sluggish at low temperatures. 在低温下爬行动物的生理机能自然会趋于迟缓。
A: ♣近  dull, indolent, inert, lethargic, quiescent, sleepy, torpid
A: ♣反  active, animated, bouncing, dynamic, energetic, kinetic, spirited, vigorous, vital, vivacious 有活力的

Q:slumber  ['slʌmbə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 睡着： to be in a state of sleep
A: ♣例  She slumbered for hours while the train rolled on. 她在火车行进过程中睡了四个小时。
A: ♣近  catnap, doze, nap, rest, sleep, snooze
A: ♣反  arouse, awake, waken 醒来

Q:slur  [slə:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 耻辱： a mark of guilt or disgrace
A: ♣例  Your drunken behavior at the wedding has cast a slur on this family. 你在婚礼上醉酒后的行为给整个家族都带来了耻辱。
A: ♣近  blot, brand, onus, smirch, smudge, spot, stigma, taint
A: ♣反  award, credit, glory, honor 荣誉，荣耀
A: ♠考法2  vt. 含糊地发音： to pronounce indistinctly
A: ♣例  If you slur your words, the visa officer will have a hard time following you. 如果你说话含糊不清，签证官就很难听懂你的话。
A: ♣近  mumble, murmur,mutter
A: ♣反  articulate, enunciate 清楚地表达
A: ♠考法3  v. 疏忽，忽略： to slide or slip over without due mention, consideration, or emphasis
A: ♣例  This documentary slurs over certain important facts as it offers a very biased case for a conspiracy theory. 这部纪录片忽略了许多重要的客观事实，而只给出了带有偏见的阴谋论解释。
A: ♣近  bypass, disregard, forget, ignore, overlook, overpass, slight
A: ♣反  attend, heed, mind 留心，注意

Q:sly  [slai]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 狡猾的： clever or cunning, especially in the practice of deceit.
A: ♣例  The movie pairs a sly, dissembling ex-con with an upstanding, straight-arrow cop. 电影把一个狡猾、善于骗人的出狱犯和正直、坦率的警察搭配在了一起。
A: ♣近  beguiling, cagey, crafty, cunning, designing, devious, foxy, guileful, scheming, shrewd, subtle, tricky, wily
A: ♣反  artless, guileless, ingenuous, innocent, undesigning 天真纯朴的，无伪装的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 隐秘的，偷偷的： given to acting in secret and to concealing one's intentions
A: ♣例  took a sly look at the letter on the table 偷偷地看了一眼桌上的信
A: ♣近  furtive, shady, shifty, slippery, sneaking, stealthy
A: ♣反  aboveboard 光明正大的

Q:smarmy  ['smɑ:mi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 虚情假意的，过分恭维的： hypocritically, complacently, or effusively earnest
A: ♣例  He is slightly smarmy and eager to impress. 他有点虚伪，急于给人留下印象。
A: ♣近  fulsome, oily, slick, soapy, unctuous
A: ♣反  artless, earnest, genuine, heartfelt, sincere, unaffected 真诚的，真挚的

Q:smart  [smɑ:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 反应敏捷的，聪颖的： characterized by sharp quick thought
A: ♣例  a smart child who could do well in school 一个能在学校取得良好成绩的聪明孩子
A: ♣近  alert, brainy, bright, brilliant, clever, exceptional, fast, intelligent, keen, nimble, quick, sharp
A: ♣反  airheaded, brainless, doltish, dumb, fatuous, mindless, obtuse, senseless, simple, stupid, vacuous, witless 愚钝的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 整洁的： being strikingly neat and trim in style or appearance
A: ♣例  Dressed in their smart new uniforms, the cadets proudly paraded around the grounds of the military school. 穿着整洁的制服，军校的学员们骄傲地在训练场上游行。
A: ♣近  dapper, natty, neat, sharp, snappy, spruce, trim
A: ♣反  disheveled, frowsy, sloppy, slovenly, unkempt 不整洁的
A: ♠考法3  vi. 感到疼痛，感到痛苦： to suffer acutely, as from mental distress, wounded feelings, or remorse
A: ♣例  The injection only smarted for a moment. 打针只会痛一小会儿。‖He is still smarting over criticism of his clumsy performance. 那些对他笨拙表演的批评仍然让他感到痛苦。
A: ♣近  ache, hurt, pain, suffer
A: ♣反  allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soothe 缓和

Q:smattering  ['smætəriŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 浅薄的知识： superficialor piecemeal knowledge
A: ♣例  a smattering of Greek grammar 略懂希腊语语法
A: ♣反  erudition 博学；insight 深刻的见解
A: ♠考法2  n. 少量： a small scattered number or amount
A: ♣例  Only a smattering of spectators presented. 只有少数几个观看者出席了。
A: ♣反  ace, bit,driblet, glimmer, handful, hint, mite, mouthful, nip, ounce, pittance,sprinkle, trace
A: ♣近  abundance,bundle, dozen, multiplicity, myriad, plentitude, profusion, scad, shipload, slew, volume, wealth 大量

Q:smirk  [smə:k]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （自鸣得意地）笑： to smile in an affected, often offensively self-satisfied manner
A: ♣例  She tried not to smirk when they announced the winner. 当他们宣布她获得了胜利时，她尽可能地保持不露出笑容。
A: ♣近  grin, simper
A: ♣反  cry, weep 哭泣；groan, moan, sigh 叹息

Q:smother  ['smʌðə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使窒息： to be or cause to be killed by lack of breathable air
A: ♣例  Children should never be leftin cars alone because they could become trapped and smothered. 小孩子不应该被单独留在车中，因为他们很容易因而被困并且窒息死亡。
A: ♣近  asphyxiate, choke, smother, stifle, strangle, suffocate
A: ♠考法2  vt. 抑制（表达、说出），压制： to refrain from openly showing or uttering
A: ♣例  He quickly smothered his inappropriate laughter at the funeral ceremony. 他很快就控制住了自己在葬礼上不适当的笑声。‖Management smothered the true facts of the case. 管理层隐瞒了案件的真相。
A: ♣近  bridle, check, choke, control, curb, muffle, quash, quell, repress, squelch, suppress
A: ♣反  unleash, vent （感情的）爆发，宣泄；express 表达

Q:smug  [smʌɡ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 自大的，自鸣得意的： having too high an opinion of oneself
A: ♣例  The winner was so smug that he lost the support of the crowd. 胜利者过于自大，以至于失去了群众的支持。
A: ♣近  complacent, egoistic, overweening, pompous, proud, self-satisfied, vain
A: ♣反  egoless, humble, modest 谦逊的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 整洁的，有序的： being clean and in good order
A: ♣例  The suburb's smug lawns and tree-lined streets bespeak a comfortable affluence. 郊区整齐有序的草坪和种满树木的街道，代表着其间的舒适和财富。
A: ♣近  dapper, kempt, orderly, shipshape, spruce, tidy, trim, uncluttered, well-groomed
A: ♣反  disheveled, disordered, messy, slovenly, unkempt, untidy 邋遢的，混乱的

Q:smuggling  ['smʌgliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 走私，私运： secret importation or exportation contrary to the law and especially without paying duties imposed by law
A: ♣例  He was arrested for smuggling drugs into the country. 他因为向境内走私毒品而被逮捕。
A: ♣近  bootlegging, contraband

Q:snare  [snεə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 无法逃脱的困境： something that catches and holds
A: ♣例  Someday you'll find that your lies are a snare from which you can't escape. 总有一天你会发现，你所说过的谎话都会变成你无法逃脱的困境。‖caught in the snare of drug addiction 处于吸毒上瘾的困境之中
A: ♣近  entanglement, mesh, morass, net, noose, quagmire, quicksand, toil, trap
A: ♠考法2  vt. 捕捉： to capture by or as if by use of a snare
A: ♣例  They snared a rabbit earlier in the day. 今天的早些时候他们捕获了一只兔子。‖The car salesman successfully snared three potential customers. 汽车销售员成功地让三个潜在的客户上钩了。
A: ♣近  catch, enmesh, ensnare, ensnarl, entrap, tangle
A: ♣反  disentangle 解开；free, liberate 释放

Q:snarl  [snɑ:l]
A: ♠考法1 v. 纠缠，纠结： to twist together into a usually confused mass
A: ♣例  You'll be awfully sorry if you snarl your fishing line. 要是你把渔网给缠在一起，你肯定会非常后悔的。‖The new regulation has succeeded in nothing but snarling up rush-hour traffic throughout the city. 新的政策只将全城高峰时期的交通变得更为复杂难解。
A: ♣近  entangle, ensnarl, interlace, intertwine, intertwist, interweave, knot, ravel, tangle
A: ♣反  disentangle, extricate, unravel, unsnarl, untwine, untwist 解开
A: ♠考法2 vi. 咆哮，怒吼： to give vent to anger in surly language
A: ♣例  She snarled at me after I kept badgering her with questions. 在我不断用问题骚扰她之后，她终于忍不住爆发了。
A: ♣近  bark, fulminate, rant, roar, scream, shout, storm, vent
A: ♣反  calm 冷静下来

Q:sneer  [sniə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （轻蔑地）嘲笑： to speak in a scornful, contemptuous, or derisive manner
A: ♣例  They would invariably sneer every time they passed the hapless nerds. 每次经过那个不幸的书呆子身边时，他们总是会报以不变的嘲笑。
A: ♣近  deride, gibe, laugh, jeer, jibe, mock, ridicule
A: ♣反  esteem, honor, respect, revere, venerate 尊敬

Q:snobbish  ['snɔbiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 谄上傲下的，自大的： being or characteristic of a person who has an offensive air of superiority and tends to ignore or disdain anyone regarded as inferior
A: ♣例  I expected her to be snobbish but she was warm and friendly. 我本以为她会是个自大的人，结果她非常热心和友好。
A: ♣近  aristocratic, bumptious, elitist, haughty, imperious, persnickety, pompous, presumptuous, supercilious
A: ♣反  egoless, humble, modest 谦逊的，不自大的

Q:snub  [snʌb]
A: ♠考法1  v. 轻视，不理睬： to treat with contempt or neglect
A: ♣例  The snob in town always snubbed anyone she thought was beneath her. 镇上那个自命不凡的人总是对那些她认为不如她的人不屑一顾。
A: ♣近  contemn, disdain, disrespect, slight, look down
A: ♣反  esteem, honor, respect, revere, venerate 尊敬

Q:soak  [səuk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使…湿透： to make thoroughly wet or saturated by or as if by placing in liquid
A: ♣例  That downpour soaked my hair, and now I look like a sight. 那场大雨把我的头发淋湿了，所以我现在看起来格外滑稽。‖We ran for home as soon as the rain started, but our clothes still ended up soaked. 我们一发觉下雨就开始往家里跑，但我们的衣服还是湿透了。
A: ♣近  douse, drench, drown, impregnate, macerate, saturate, sodden, sop, souse, steep
A: ♣反  dehydrate, dry, desiccate 脱水；parch, sear, scorch 烤干，烧焦；wring 拧干

Q:sober  ['səubə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 严肃的： marked by seriousness, gravity, or solemnity of conduct or character
A: ♣例  She made a sober reply to what was only a teasing comment. 她很严肃地回复了那个恶搞的评论。‖Illness is a sober reminder of our mortality. 疾病是死亡给我们发出的严肃警告。
A: ♣近  earnest, grave, humorless, sedate, severe, sober, solemn, staid, weighty
A: ♣反  facetious, flip, flippant, humorous, jesting, jocular, joking, playful 轻佻的，幽默有趣的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 节制的： given to or marked by restraint in the satisfaction of one's appetites
A: ♣例  decided to live a sober life after bankruptcy 破产以后决定过有节制的生活
A: ♣近  abstentious, abstinent, continent, self-denying, temperate
A: ♣反  hedonistic, licentious, self-indulgent, sensual, sybaritic, voluptuary 纵欲的，享乐主义的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 有理有据的： based on sound reasoning or information
A: ♣例  a sober assessment of the situation 关于局势有理有据的分析
A: ♣近  firm, informed, justified, levelheaded, logical, rational, reasonable, sensible, solid, valid, well-founded
A: ♣反  groundless, illogical, invalid, unfounded, uninformed, unjustified, unreasonable, unsound 没有道理的

Q:sodden  ['sɔdən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 湿透的： containing, covered with, or thoroughly penetrated by water
A: ♣例  We stripped off our sodden clothes and wrung them dry. 我们脱下湿透了的衣服并将它们拧干。
A: ♣近  awash, bathed, doused, drenched, logged, saturated, soaked, watered, waterlogged
A: ♣反  arid, dry干燥的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使…湿透： to wet thoroughly with liquid
A: ♣例  Soldiers' boots were soddened by endless hours in muddy trenches. 长时间身处泥泞的战壕使得士兵的靴子湿透了。
A: ♣近  douse, drench, drown, impregnate, macerate, saturate, soak, sop, souse, steep
A: ♣反  dehydrate, dry, desiccate 脱水；parch, sear, scorch 烤干，烧焦；wring 拧干

Q:solace  ['sɔləs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 安慰： comfort in sorrow, misfortune, or distress
A: ♣例  The kind words brought a little solace to the grieving widow. 这些同情的话语给痛苦的寡妇带来了些许安慰。
A: ♣近  consolation, relief
A: ♠考法2  vt. 安慰，安抚： to comfort, cheer, or console, as in trouble or sorrow
A: ♣例  I did their my to solace those bereaved children. 我尽力去安抚那些失去双亲的孩子们。
A: ♣近  cheer, comfort, console, soothe
A: ♣反  agonize, distress, harrow, torment, torture, trouble 使痛苦，折磨

Q:solder  ['sɔldə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 连接，联合： to join or unite
A: ♣例  Wires are soldered onto the circuit board. 电线被焊接在电路板上。‖The agreement soldered the factions into an alliance. 两个派系因这份协议而结成同盟。
A: ♣近  associate, coalesce, combine, conjoin, conjugate, connect, couple, fuse, interfuse, join, link, marry, unify
A: ♣反  disassociate, disconnect, disjoin, divide, sever, split, sunder 分开

Q:solemnity  [sə'lemnəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 严肃： the quality or condition of being solemn
A: ♣例  Solemnity is a trick of the body to hide the fault of the mind. 一本正经的态度，是肉体为了掩饰精神上的缺陷而耍的花招。‖The coronation ceremony requires absolute solemnity. 加冕典礼需要绝对的庄严肃穆。
A: ♣近  earnest, graveness, gravity, intentness, seriousness, sobriety, solemnness, staidness
A: ♣反  facetiousness, flightiness, flippancy, frivolity, frivolousness, levity, lightheartedness, play 轻挑，欢快

Q:solicitous  [sə'lisitəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 为他人操心的，体谅他人的： given to or made with heedful anticipation of the needs and happiness of others
A: ♣例  The solicitous husband had already cleaned the house and cooked dinner by the time his wife returned home from work. 这个十分体谅妻子的好丈夫在他妻子回家之前就把家里清理干净，还把晚餐都做好了。
A: ♣近  attentive, considerate, kind
A: ♣反  heedless, inconsiderate, thoughtless, unthinking 不关心的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 迫切的，渴望的： showing urgent desire or interest
A: ♣例  The family is solicitous to put this whole unfortunate affair behind them and to move on with their lives. 这个家庭迫切希望能忘记那些不幸的事情，开始崭新的生活。
A: ♣近  agog, anxious, ardent, avid, desirous, eager, enthusiastic, greedy, hungry, keen, thirsty, voracious, wild
A: ♣反  apathetic, indifferent, uneager, unenthusiastic无所谓的
A: ♣派  solicitude n. 关切，挂念

Q:solid  ['sɔlid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固态的，坚固的： having a consistency that does not easily yield to pressure
A: ♣例  The ice cream is too solid to scoop right now. 冰淇淋现在太硬了，根本舀不动。
A: ♣近  compact, hard, rigid, stiff, unyielding
A: ♣反  flabby, soft, spongy, squashy, squishy 柔软的，容易挤压的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有理有据的： based on sound reasoning or information
A: ♣例  the only solid conclusion that the jury could have reached 陪审团唯一可能做出的合理结论
A: ♣近  firm, informed, justified, levelheaded, logical, rational, reasonable, sensible, sober, valid, well-founded
A: ♣反  groundless, illogical, invalid, unfounded, uninformed, unjustified, unreasonable, unsound 没有道理的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 坚定的，不迟疑的： not showing weakness or uncertainty
A: ♣例  Some people see a solid handshake as a sign of strong character. 有人认为握手毫不迟疑的人有着很强势的性格。
A: ♣近  forceful, hearty, iron, lusty, robust, stout, strong, sturdy, vigorous
A: ♣反  uncertain, weak 迟疑的
A: ♣派  solidify vt. 使固化

Q:soliloquy  [sə'liləkwi]
A: ♠考法1  n. （尤指自言自语的）独白： a dramatic or literary form of discourse in which a character talks to himself or herself or reveals his or her thoughts without addressing a listener
A: ♣例  A soliloquy always reveals the character’s thoughts and feeling. 一段独白经常反映出人物的思想和感情。
A: ♣近  monologue
A: ♣反  chorus, ensemble 合唱

Q:solitude  ['sɔlitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 孤独，避世： the quality or state of being alone or remote from society
A: ♣例  He sought the kind of solitude where his thoughts would be his only companions. 他在寻找一种孤独感，只有他的思想陪伴着他。‖She wished to work on her novel in solitude. 她想一个人安静地完成小说。
A: ♣近  aloneness, insulation, privacy, seclusion, segregation, separateness, sequestration, solitariness
A: ♣反  camaraderie, companionship, company, comradeship, fellowship, society 陪伴

Q:solvent  ['sɔlvənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有偿付能力的： able to pay all legal debts
A: ♣例  They're going to have to prove that the company is now solvent. 接下来他们必须要证明公司的偿贷能力。
A: ♣反  bankrupt破产的
A: ♠考法2  n. 溶剂： a substance in which another substance is dissolved, forming a solution
A: ♣例  Some organic solvents, such as benzene, pyridine, furan, are poisonous to human’s reproductive system. 一些有机溶剂（比如苯、吡啶、呋喃）对人体的生殖系统有毒性。
A: ♣反  solute 溶质

Q:somatic  [səu'mætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 肉体的： of the body, especially as distinguished from a body part, the mind, or the environment
A: ♣例  a somatic disorder that was once thought to be “all in the patient’s head” 曾被认为“全是病人头脑中的问题”的生理机能紊乱
A: ♣近  animal, bodily, carnal, corporal, corporeal, fleshly, material, physical
A: ♣反  mental, spiritual 精神上的；nonmaterial, nonphysical 非肉体的

Q:somber  ['sɔmbə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 昏暗的，无光的： so shaded as to be dark and gloomy
A: ♣例  The prison's somber interrogation room has the desired effect of striking fear and despair into the prisoner. 牢房中阴暗的问讯间有着能让囚犯感到恐惧和绝望的效果。
A: ♣近  black, caliginous, dark, dim, gloomy, lightless, murky, obscure, pitch-dark, rayless, stygian
A: ♣反  bright, brilliant, illuminated, lit, lightsome, lucent, lucid, luminous 光亮的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 悲伤的，不愉快的： causing or marked by an atmosphere lacking in cheer
A: ♣例  Her death put us in a somber mood. 她的死让我们陷入了悲伤沮丧的情绪之中。
A: ♣近  depressing, dire, dismal, funereal, lugubrious, melancholy, miserable, morbid, morose, saturnine, sullen
A: ♣反  cheerful, delighted, festive, gay, jocund, jovial 快乐的

Q:somnolence  ['sɔmnələns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 瞌睡，嗜睡： the quality or state of desiring or needing sleep
A: ♣例  Somnolence is likely to be the most typical reaction to this novel. 读这部小说最典型的感受就是想睡觉。
A: ♣近  doziness, drowsiness
A: ♣反  insomnia, sleeplessness, wakefulness 失眠

Q:sonnet  ['sɔnit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 十四行诗： a 14-line verse form usually having one of several conventional rhyme schemes
A: ♣例  a sonnet that celebrates love 一首歌颂爱情的十四行诗
A: ♣反  doggerel 幽默不正式的诗，打油诗

Q:soothe  [su:ð]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 带来慰藉，安慰： to bring comfort, solace, or reassurance to
A: ♣例  There seemed to be no words sufficient to soothethe widow. 任何话语好像都不足以安慰这个寡妇。
A: ♣近  cheer, comfort, console, solace
A: ♣反  agonize, distress, harrow, torment, torture, trouble 使痛苦，折磨
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使镇静，使安心： to free from distress or disturbance
A: ♣例  He took her in his arms and soothed her. 他把她抱在怀中以让她镇静下来。
A: ♣近  becalm, compose, lull, lullaby, quiet, quieten, salve, settle, still, tranquilize
A: ♣反  agitate, discompose, disquiet, disturb, perturb, upset, vex 打扰，使不安
A: ♠考法3  vt. 弱化，缓解： to make more bearable or less severe
A: ♣例  Hot tea with honey will soothe a sore throat. 加了蜂蜜的热茶可以缓解喉咙的酸痛。
A: ♣近  abate, allay, alleviate, assuage, ease, mitigate, mollify, palliate, relieve, soften
A: ♣反  aggravate, exacerbate, intensify 恶化

Q:sop  [sɔp]
A: ♠考法1  n. 安慰物： something yielded to placate or soothe
A: ♣例  to provide with the salary raise as a sop 提高工资作为安慰
A: ♣近  balm, emollient, placebo,salve, unguent
A: ♣反  irritant, stimulant 刺激物
A: ♠考法2  n. 贿赂，回扣： something given or promised in order to improperly influence a person's conduct or decision
A: ♣例  As a sop to the teachers' union for supporting his reelection campaign, the mayor promised to push for the abolition of the residency requirement. 市长答应推动废除获得绿卡的限制条件，以此作为换取选举中教师联盟支持的条件。
A: ♣近  backhander, boodle, cumshaw, fix
A: ♠考法3  vt. 浸湿，湿透： to wet thoroughly
A: ♣例  My book fell in the swimming pool and was thoroughly sopped before I could fish it out. 我的书掉进了游泳池，在我把它捞出来之前已经彻底湿透了。
A: ♣近  douse, drench, drown, impregnate, macerate, saturate, soak, sodden, souse, steep
A: ♣反  dehydrate, dry, desiccate 脱水；parch, sear, scorch 烤干，烧焦；wring 拧干

Q:sophism  ['sɔfizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 假推理，诡辩： deceptive or fallacious argumentation
A: ♣例  Political selection is more dependent on sophism and less on economic literacy. 政治选举更多的是依靠诡辩，而非简练的文笔。
A: ♣近  sophistry

Q:sophisticated  [sə'fistikeitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精明的，老于世故的： having acquired worldly knowledge or refinement; lacking natural simplicity or naiveté
A: ♣例  On the train I met a surprisingly sophisticated and widely traveled child. 在火车上我见到了一个老练得让人惊讶的、见多识广的孩子。
A: ♣近  cosmopolitan, debonair, knowing, smart, suave, urbane, worldly
A: ♣反  guileless, ingenuous, innocent, na?ve 天真的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 复杂的： very complex or complicated
A: ♣例  a very sophisticated machine that is a marvel of modern design 一个十分复杂的机器，是现代设计的最高成就
A: ♣近  baroque, byzantine, complicated, convoluted, elaborate, intricate, involved, knotty, labyrinthine, tangled
A: ♣反  plain, simple 简单的
A: ♣派  sophistication n. 精明；复杂

Q:soporific  [,sɔpə'rifik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 安眠药： a drug or other substance that induces sleep
A: ♣例  Alcohol is a poor hypnotic because it disturbs sleep patterns, and so can worsen sleep disorders. 酒精是一种欠佳的安眠药，因为它会干扰睡眠的固定模式，从而恶化睡眠紊乱的情况。
A: ♣近  hypnotic
A: ♣反  stimulant 兴奋剂
A: ♠考法2  adj. 催眠的： causing or tending to cause sleep
A: ♣例  This medication is soporific, so do not drive after taking it. 这种药物是催眠的，服用之后切忌开车。‖the soporific heat of summer 夏日里催人欲睡的阳光
A: ♣近  narcotic, opiate, slumberous, somniferous, somnolent
A: ♣反  arousing, waking, invigorating, stimulating 刺激性的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 慵懒的，困倦的： of, relating to, or marked by sleepiness or lethargy
A: ♣例  A big lunch always makes me soporific in the afternoon. 中午一顿大餐总是让我下午感到困倦。
A: ♣近  dozy, drowsy, sleepy
A: ♣反  awake, conscious, wakeful 清醒的；alert 警醒的；sleepless, insomniac 无法入睡的

Q:sordid  ['sɔ:did]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 肮脏的，不干净的： not clean
A: ♣例  I will not let my children grow up in such a sordid environment. 我绝不会让我的孩子在这样一个肮脏的环境之中成长。
A: ♣近  besmirched, dirty, dusty, filthy, foul, grubby, muddy, nasty, smudged, soiled, stained, sullied, unclean
A: ♣反  clean, immaculate, spotless, stainless, unsoiled, unstained, unsullied 干净的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 卑鄙的： marked by baseness or grossness
A: ♣近  Behind his generous donation were sordid motives. 在他慷慨捐资的背后有着卑鄙的动机。
A: ♣近  base, contemptible, despicable, detestable, dishonorable, execrable, ignominious, mean, vile, wretched
A: ♣反  honorable, lofty, noble, straight, upright, venerable, virtuous高尚的，值得尊敬的

Q:sound  [saund]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 牢固的，不可动摇的： marked by the ability to withstand stress without structural damage or distortion
A: ♣例  The bridge is structurally sound. 这座大桥在结构上是稳固的。
A: ♣近  bombproof, fast, firm, stalwart, strong, sturdy
A: ♣反  ramshackle 摇摇欲坠的；rickety, unstable, unsteady 不稳定的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 健康的，强壮的： free from injury or disease: exhibiting normal health
A: ♣例  The horse is getting old, but still perfectly sound. 虽然在变老，但这匹马依然相当健康。
A: ♣近  bouncing, fit, hale, healthy, hearty, robust, well, well-conditioned, wholesome
A: ♣反  ailing, diseased, ill, sick 生病的；decrepit, enfeebled, feeble, infirm 虚弱的
A: ♠考法3  adj. （逻辑上）严谨的： based on valid reasoning
A: ♣例  Sound reasoning alone should tell you that the result is invalid. 从纯粹严谨的逻辑演绎出发，这个结论是不正确的。
A: ♣近  analytic, coherent, consequent, rational, reasonable, sensible, valid, well-founded, well-grounded
A: ♣反  illegitimate, illogical, incoherent, inconsequent, invalid, irrational, unreasonable, unsound, weak （逻辑上）站不住脚的
A: ♣派  soundness n. （逻辑上的）无疵

Q:sparing  ['spεəriŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 节俭的，节约的： marked by or practicing careful restraint (as in the use of resources)
A: ♣例  The sparing couple are trying to save up enough for a house. 节俭的夫妻希望能够攒钱买套房。
A: ♣近  economical, economizing, provident, scrimping, thrifty
A: ♣反  prodigal, profligate, spendthrift, squandering, wasteful 浪费的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 不足的，缺乏的： less plentiful than what is normal, necessary, or desirable
A: ♣例  Unfortunately, the explanation of the health insurance plan was somewhat sparing on details. 不幸的是，健康保险上的说明似乎不够详细。‖The map is sparing of information. 这张地图的信息量太少了。
A: ♣近  exiguous, niggardly, poor, scant, scanty, scarce, skimp, skimpy, slender, slim, spare, sparse, stingy
A: ♣反  abundant, ample, bountiful, copious, generous, liberal, plenteous, plentiful 足量的

Q:sparse  [spɑ:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 稀疏的，稀少的： less plentiful than what is normal, necessary, or desirable
A: ♣例  Many slopes are rock fields with sparse vegetation. 许多山坡都是不长植物的石坡。
A: ♣近  exiguous, meager, niggardly, poor, scant, scanty, scarce, skimpy, slender, slim, sparing, stingy
A: ♣反  abundant, ample, bountiful, copious, generous, liberal, plenteous, plentiful大量的，丰富的

Q:spartan  ['spɑ:tən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 简朴的，节约的： marked by simplicity, frugality, or avoidance of luxury and comfort
A: ♣例  Accommodations on the windjammer are spartan but clean and comfortable nevertheless. 帆船上的装饰十分朴素，但还是很干净和舒适。
A: ♣近  austere, plain, simple, stark
A: ♣反  deluxe, luxurious, plush 奢华的

Q:spat  [spæt]
A: ♠考法1  n. （小的）争吵： a brief petty quarrel or angry outburst
A: ♣例  Like any couple, they have their spats. 像其他夫妻一样，他们也会有争执。‖They were typical sisters, spatting one minute, playing together the next. 她们是典型的姐妹：上一分钟还在吵架，下一分钟又玩在一起了。
A: ♣近  altercation, controversy, disagreement, dispute, imbroglio, quarrel, squabble, tiff, wrangle
A: ♣近  amity, concord, harmony, rapport, rapprochement 和睦，友好

Q:spate  [speit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 突发的洪水： sudden flood
A: ♣近  bath, deluge, flood, inundation, overflow, torrent
A: ♣反  drought 干旱
A: ♠考法2  n. 大量： a large number or amount
A: ♣例  a spate of books about GRE 很多关于GRE的书
A: ♣近  abundance,bundle, dozen, multiplicity, myriad, plentitude, profusion, scad, shipload, slew, volume, wealth
A: ♣反  ace, bit, driblet, glimmer, handful, hint, mite, mouthful, nip, ounce, pittance, sprinkle, trace 少量

Q:specific  [spi'sifik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 特有的，独特的： of a particular or exact sort
A: ♣例  We need a specific type of pen to sign the diplomas. 我们需要一种特制的笔来签署学位证书。
A: ♣近  concrete, distinct, especial, peculiar, precise, special, unique
A: ♣反  general, generic, universal 普遍的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 明确的： so clearly expressed as to leave no doubt about the meaning
A: ♣例  specific instructions regarding the interrogation of prisoners 有关如何审问犯人的明确指示
A: ♣近  clear, definite, definitive, explicit, express, unambiguous, unequivocal, univocal
A: ♣反  ambiguous, equivocal, implicit, indefinite, inexplicit, unspecific, vague 模糊的

Q:specious  ['spi:ʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 似是而非的，欺骗性的： having a false look of truth or genuineness
A: ♣例  a specious argument that really does not stand up under close examination 一段经不起仔细推敲的论证
A: ♣近  beguiling, deceitful, deceiving, deluding, delusive, delusory, fallacious, false, misleading
A: ♣反  aboveboard, forthright, straightforward 明确的

Q:speck  [spek]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小点，少量： a very small amount: bit
A: ♣例  She writes without even a speck of humor. 她字里行间一点幽默感也没有。
A: ♣反  ace, bit, driblet, glimmer, handful, hint, mite, mouthful, nip, ounce, pittance, sprinkle, trace
A: ♣近  abundance,bundle, dozen, multiplicity, myriad, plentitude, profusion, scad, shipload, slew, volume, wealth 大量

Q:spectator  [spek'teitə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 观众，目击者，旁观者： one who looks on or watches
A: ♣例  join the organization as temporary spectator 作为短期观察员加入该组织‖The accident attracted a large crowd of spectators. 事故引来了大量的围观群众。
A: ♣近  bystander, observer, onlooker, viewer, watcher
A: ♣反  actor, performer, player 表演者

Q:spectrum  ['spektrəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 范围，系列： a broad sequence or range of related qualities, ideas, or activities
A: ♣例  the whole spectrum of 20th-century thought 20世纪所有不同的思潮‖A political spectrum is a way of modeling different political positions by placing them upon one or more geometric axes symbolizing independent political dimensions. 所谓的政治光谱是一种将不同的政治立场可视化的模型，它通过一根或者多根几何坐标轴来定位不同的政治态度。
A: ♣近  diapason, gamut, scale, spread, stretch

Q:speculate  ['spekjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 推测，揣测： to take to be true on the basis of insufficient evidence
A: ♣例  I speculate that someone has been using this cabin as a trysting place. 我猜测有情侣把这个小屋当做他们幽会的地方。
A: ♣近  assume, conjecture, daresay, imagine, presume, speculate, suppose, surmise, suspect
A: ♣反  prove, substantiate, validate 证明
A: ♠考法2  vi. 投机倒卖： to buy or sell in expectation of profiting from market fluctuations
A: ♣例  speculating on the oil market 在石油市场上投机倒卖

Q:spendthrift  ['spendθrift]
A: ♠考法1  n. 挥霍者，败家子： a person who spends improvidently or wastefully
A: ♣例  The spendthrift managed to blow all of his inheritance in a single year. 这个败家子只用了一年就把自己继承的遗产挥霍一空。
A: ♣近  fritterer, profligate, spender, squanderer, waster, wastrel
A: ♣反  economizer, penny-pincher 节约的人；hoarder, miser, niggard 吝啬鬼
A: ♠考法2  adj. 挥霍的，不节俭的： given to spending money freely or foolishly
A: ♣例  Spendthrift consumers amassed a mountain of debt on their credit cards. 那些爱挥霍财富的消费者们在他们的信用卡上累积了一大笔债务。
A: ♣近  extravagant, improvident, squandering, thriftless, unthrifty, wasteful
A: ♣反  conserving, economical, frugal, penny-pinching, provident, scrimping, skimping, thrifty 节俭的

Q:spent  [spent]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精疲力竭的： drained of energy or effectiveness
A: ♣例  After all that exertion, we were completely spent. 在完成所有的锻炼之后我们已是筋疲力尽。
A: ♣近  beaten, bleary, done, drained, enervate, exhausted, fatigued, jaded, prostrate, tired, wearied, worn-out
A: ♣反  active, energetic, invigorated, peppy, strengthened, strong, tireless, vitalized, weariless 充满活力的

Q:spindly  ['spindli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 细长纤弱的： frail or flimsy in appearance or structure
A: ♣例  I prefer having rather spindly legs. 我更希望有一双细腿。
A: ♣近  gangling, gangly, lanky, spindling
A: ♣反  squat 矮胖的

Q:spiny  ['spaini]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多刺的： bearingspines, prickles, or thorns
A: ♣例  low spiny bushes of sage 低矮多刺的长满鼠尾草的灌木丛
A: ♣近  brambly, prickly, thorny
A: ♣反  even, flat, plane, smooth 平滑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 棘手的，麻烦的： requiring exceptional skill or caution in performance or handling
A: ♣例  This promises to be a spiny problem to negotiate. 这有可能成为谈判过程中棘手的问题。
A: ♣近  catchy, delicate, difficult, knotty, problematic, sensitive, sticky, ticklish, thorny, tough, troublesome
A: ♣反  easy, effortless, manageable, painless, simple, straightforward, uncomplicated, undemanding 简单的

Q:spleen  [spli:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 怒气，怨恨： feelings of anger or ill will often suppressed
A: ♣例  She vented her spleen on her boyfriend and felt much better for having done so. 在她把怒气一股脑地倾泻到她男朋友身上之后，她感觉好多了。
A: ♣近  angriness, choler, furor, fury, indignation, ire, madness, outrage, rage, wrath
A: ♣反  delight, pleasure 高兴，愉悦

Q:splice  [splais]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 接合，叠接： to unite (as two ropes) by interweaving the strands, or to join (as two pieces of film) at the ends
A: ♣例  He taught me to edit and splice film. 他教会我如何剪辑和叠合胶卷。
A: ♣近  associate, coalesce, combine, conjoin, conjugate, connect, couple, fuse, interfuse, join, link, marry, unify
A: ♣反  disassociate, disconnect, disjoin, divide, sever, split, sunder 分开

Q:splinter  ['splintə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 尖细条，刺： a sharp, slender piece, as of wood, bone, glass, or metal, split or broken off from a main body
A: ♣例  She got a splinter from the unfinished wall. 她的手被还没有装修的墙扎了一根刺。
A: ♣近  chip, flake, sliver, spall, splint
A: ♣反  chunk, slab 厚板
A: ♠考法2  vt. 切成细条： to split or break into sharp, slender pieces
A: ♣例  splintered the carrots into little sticks 把胡萝卜切成丝
A: ♣近  slice

Q:splutter  ['splʌtə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 急切而不清楚地说： to speak hastily and incoherently, as when confused or angry
A: ♣例  They begin to splutter and move restlessly about if they feel time is slipping away without some return. 当他们感到时间在悄悄流逝却一无所得时，他们便开始激动地说话，不安地走动。
A: ♣近  babble, drivel, gabble, gibber, jabber, sputter, stammer, stutter
A: ♣反  articulate, enunciate, pronounce 清楚地说

Q:spontaneous  [spɔn'teiniəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 自发的，不经思索的： acting or activated without apparent thought or deliberation
A: ♣例  Hugging a crying child is simply a spontaneous reaction. 去抱一个哭泣的小孩是很自然而然的反应。
A: ♣近  automatic, impulsive, instinctive, involuntary, mechanical, natural
A: ♣反  calculated, deliberate, intentional, planned, predetermined, premeditated, studied 有计划的，蓄意的

Q:spoof  [spu:f]
A: ♠考法1  n. 轻松幽默的模仿，小恶搞： a work that imitates and exaggerates another work for comic effect
A: ♣例  Many viewers thought that the spoof of a television newscast was the real thing. 许多观众认为这则新闻报道被恶搞之后的作品才是真实的东西。
A: ♣近  burlesque, caricature, mimicking, parody, travesty
A: ♠考法2  v. 诱骗，诱使相信： to cause to believe what is untrue
A: ♣例  The public was spoofed by a supposedly plausible report of a UFO encounter.一个听起来真实的UFO遭遇报告欺骗了大众。
A: ♣近  beguile, cozen, delude, dupe, fool, hoax, misguide, misinform, mislead, trick
A: ♣反  disabuse, disenchant, disillusion, undeceive 使醒悟

Q:sporadic  [spəu'rædik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 偶尔的，零星发生的： not often occurring or repeated
A: ♣例  On the whole, situation has significantly improved with only sporadic disturbances. 总体而言，局势得到了明显的改善，现在只有偶尔发生的骚乱。
A: ♣近  few, infrequent, occasional, odd, rare, scarce, seldom, uncommon
A: ♣反  frequent, habitual, repeated 时常发生的

Q:sprawl  [sprɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 杂乱无序地发展： to grow, develop, or spread irregularly and without apparent design or plan
A: ♣例  The city sprawls down the whole coast. 城市顺着整条海岸线蔓延。
A: ♣近  ramble, scramble, straddle
A: ♣派  sprawling adj. 蔓延的，不规则伸展的

Q:sprightly  ['spraitli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 活泼的，充满活力的： full of spirit and vitality
A: ♣例  He was deeply impressed by the sprightly Gypsy dance. 活力四射的吉普赛舞蹈给他留下了深刻印象。
A: ♣近  active, airy, animated, brisk, energetic, frisky, gay, jaunty, kinetic, mettlesome, racy, spirited, vital, vivacious
A: ♣反  dead, inactive, inanimate, lackadaisical, languid, languishing, leaden, lifeless, listless, spiritless, vapid没精神的

Q:spur  [spə:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 刺激物： something that arouses action or activity
A: ♣例  The threat of losing its only sports franchise was the spur the city council needed to finally do something about the rising crime rate. 有可能失去唯一的体育赛事举办权带来的威胁，成为了刺激市政府决定就攀升的犯罪率采取相关措施的因素。
A: ♣近  boost, catalyst, impetus, incentive, incitement, instigation, momentum, motivation, provocation, stimulus
A: ♣反  deterrent, disincentive 阻碍物
A: ♠考法2  n. 支撑物： a structure that holds up or serves as a foundation for something else
A: ♣例  a weak wall that might need a spur 一面或许需要支撑的墙
A: ♣近  brace, buttress, mount, prop, reinforcement, shore, underpinning
A: ♠考法3  vt. 刺激，激励： to incite or stimulate
A: ♣例  Appreciation spurred his ambition. 赞扬激起了他的雄心壮志。
A: ♣近  arouse, excite, exhort, goad, instigate, prod, stir, urge
A: ♣反  bridle, check, constrain, curb, deter, fetter, hamper, inhibit, manacle, shackle 制止，阻碍

Q:spurious  ['spjuəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 假的，伪造的： lacking authenticity or validity in essence or origin; not genuine
A: ♣例  In statistics, a spurious relationship is a mathematical relationship in which two events or variables have no direct causal connection, but it may be wrongly inferred that they do, due to either coincidence or the presence of a certain third, unseen factor. 在统计学中，“伪相关关系”是两个不存在因果关联的事件或变量，因为巧合或是不可见的第三方因素，而被误判为存在因果联系的关系。
A: ♣近  apocryphal, bogus, counterfeit, fake, forged, phony, sham
A: ♣反  authentic, bona fide, genuine, real 真实的
A: ♣派  spuriously adv. 伪造地，虚假地

Q:spurn  [spə:n]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 摈弃，拒绝： to reject with disdain or contempt
A: ♣例  spurned his recommendation 拒绝了他的推荐‖Fiercely independent, the elderly couple spurned all offers of financial help. 这对老夫妻极其独立，回绝了所有经济上援助。
A: ♣近  decline, disapprove, negative, refuse, reject, reprobate, repudiate
A: ♣反  accede, accept, agree, approve, assent, consent, embrace 同意，接受
A: ♣派  spurned adj. 被摒弃的，被拒绝的

Q:squabble  ['skwɔbl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 口角，小争吵： a noisy quarrel, usually about a trivial matter
A: ♣例  a brief squabble over what to do next 关于接下来该做什么的争吵
A: ♣近  altercation, argument, controversy, disagreement, dispute, imbroglio, quarrel, riff, spat, skirmish, wrangle
A: ♣反  harmony 和谐

Q:squalid  ['skwɔlid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 污秽的，肮脏的： dirty and wretched
A: ♣例  The migrants have been living in squalid conditions. 移民们一直居住在肮脏的条件下。
A: ♣近  black, dirty, filthy, foul, impure, nasty, slipshod, slovenly, unclean
A: ♣反  clean, immaculate, spotless, unsoiled, unsullied 干净的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 道德败坏的： morally repulsive
A: ♣例  the squalid atmosphere of intrigue and betrayal 充满了阴谋与背叛的不正之风
A: ♣近  base, despicable, ignoble, scurvy, sordid, vile, wretched
A: ♣反  moral, noble 品格高尚的

Q:squall  [skwɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. （通常伴随着雨或雪的）风暴，暴风雪： a brief, sudden, violent windstorm, often accompanied by rain or snow
A: ♣例  A snow squall is expected tonight. 今晚预计有暴风雪。
A: ♣近  blizzard, hailstorm, snowstorm, tempest
A: ♠考法2  vt. 尖叫： to scream or cry loudly and harshly
A: ♣例  The baby squalled in pain. 婴儿因为疼痛而大叫。
A: ♣近  cry, howl, screech, shout, shriek, shrill, squeal, thunder, yelp, yell
A: ♣反  murmur, mutter, whisper 低声细语

Q:squander  ['skwɔndə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使分散： to cause (members of a group) to move widely apart
A: ♣例  A single blast of the shotgun squandered the herd of deer. 猎枪的一声枪响让鹿群四处逃窜。
A: ♣近  disband, dispel, disperse
A: ♣反  assemble, cluster, collect, concentrate, congregate, gather, ingather 使聚集，使集中
A: ♠考法2  vt. 浪费： to spend wastefully or extravagantly
A: ♣例  He squandered his inheritance on women and gambling. 他把他继承的遗产浪费在女人和赌博上。
A: ♣近  blow, dissipate, fritter, lavish, misspend, waste
A: ♣反  conserve, husband 节约，节俭
A: ♣派  squandering adj. 浪费的

Q:squat  [skwɔt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 又矮又胖的： being compact and broad in build and often short in stature
A: ♣例  a squat but adroit craftsman 一个又胖又矮，但是手艺灵巧的工匠
A: ♣近  chunky, dumpy, heavyset, squatty, stocky, stout, stubby, stumpy, thickset
A: ♣反  gangling, lanky 瘦高的

Q:squeamish  ['skwi:miʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 恶心的，晕船的： affected with nausea
A: ♣例  the rolling of the ship made the young sailor squeamish 摇晃的船只让年轻的水手感到恶心
A: ♣近  ill, nauseated, qualmish, queasy, queer, queerish, sick, sickish
A: ♣反  healthy, well 状态良好的

Q:squelch  [skweltʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 压制，镇压（运动）： to put a stop to (something) by the use of force
A: ♣例  The authority tried to squelch the workers’ protest. 政府试图镇压工人的游行。
A: ♣近  crush, muffle, quell, repress, squash, subdue, suppress, crack down
A: ♣反  abet, aid, assist, back, help, support, prop up 支持，帮助
A: ♠考法2  vt. 击溃，使无言以对： to put down or silence, as with a crushing retort
A: ♣例  His irritated glare squelched any other potential objectors. 他怒目而视，使得其他的反对者都不敢说话。
A: ♣近  dumb, extinguish, mute, quiet, settle, still, shut up
A: ♣反  foment, incite, instigate, provoke, stir 激发，激起
A: ♣派  squelcher n. 镇压者

Q:squint  [skwint]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 斜视，睥睨： to look or glance sideways
A: ♣例  The driver squinted as the sun hit his windshield. 阳光使得驾驶员不得不把眼睛偏向一边
A: ♣近  leer
A: ♣反  gaze, goggle 直视

Q:stabilize  ['steibilaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt./vi. 使稳定；变得稳定： to make stable, steadfast, or firm; to become stable, steadfast, or fixed
A: ♣例  a policy that intended to stabilize the situation in Iraq 一项旨在维护伊拉克局势稳定的政策‖The country's population has stabilized at 3.2 million. 这个国家的人口维持在三百二十万。
A: ♣近  ballast, poise, steady
A: ♣反  destabilize 使不稳定；overthrow, overturn, subvert 推翻，颠覆
A: ♣派  stability n. 稳定性

Q:stalwart  ['stɔ:lwət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无所畏惧的： feeling or displaying no fear by temperament
A: ♣例  the stalwart soldiers in the army of Alexander the Great, who willingly followed him to the ends of the known world 亚历山大大帝军队中无所畏惧的士兵们，他们愿意跟随亚历山大奔赴世界的尽头
A: ♣近  bold, courageous, dauntless, fearless, gallant, intrepid, manful, stout, stouthearted, valiant, valorous
A: ♣反  cowardly, craven, fearful, gutless, nerveless, pusillanimous, spineless, spiritless, timorous 怯懦的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （体魄等）强健的： marked by outstanding strength and vigor of body, mind, or spirit
A: ♣例  a stalwart supporter of the UN 联合国的坚定支持者‖a lithe yet stalwart athlete 瘦小但结实的运动员
A: ♣近  brawny, firm, muscular, rugged, sinewy, sound, stout, strong, sturdy
A: ♣反  delicate, feeble, frail, weak, wimpy 脆弱的

Q:stamina  ['steiminə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 耐力： physical or moral strength to resist or withstand illness, fatigue, or hardship
A: ♣例  A marathon challenges a runner's stamina. 马拉松挑战参赛者的耐力。
A: ♣近  endurance, tolerance
A: ♣反  frailty 脆弱

Q:stammer  ['stæmə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 口吃，结巴： to speak with involuntary pauses or repetitions
A: ♣例  The frightened child started to stammer. 受惊吓的小孩开始结巴地说话。
A: ♣近  falter, stutter
A: ♣反  articulate 清楚地说

Q:startle  ['stɑ:tl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使吓一跳，使大吃一惊： to frighten or surprise suddenly and usually not seriously
A: ♣例  They were startled at the prohibitive price. 他们被高得离谱的价格吓到了
A: ♣近  amaze, astonish, astound, dumbfound, rock, scare, shock, stun, stupefy
A: ♣反  reassure 消除恐惧或疑虑
A: ♣派  startling adj. 惊人惊奇的

Q:stasis  ['steisis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 平衡，停滞： a condition of balance among various forces
A: ♣例  For the time being, the populations of the national park's predators and prey remain in stasis. 目前国家公园中捕食者和猎物的数量保持着一定的平衡。‖Language is a primary element of culture,and stasis in the arts is tantamount to death. (Charles Marsh) 语言是文化当中的主要元素，艺术的停滞和平衡就等同于死亡。——查理斯?马氏
A: ♣近  counterpoise, equilibration, equilibrium, equipoise, poise
A: ♣反  disequilibration, disequilibrium, imbalance, nonequilibrium, unbalance 不平衡

Q:static  ['stætik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 静态的，停滞的： characterized by a lack of movement, animation, or progression
A: ♣例  Both your pictures are of static subjects. 你的两张照片都是静物。‖a static economy 停滞不前的经济
A: ♣近  inactive, fixed, immobile, immotile, immovable, inert, stable, stagnant, stationary, still
A: ♣反  active, dynamic, lively, vibrant 充满活力的；mobile, movable 可移动的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无改变的： showing little change
A: ♣例  a static population 没有变化的人口
A: ♣近  inflexible, invariable, rigid, stiff, steadfast
A: ♣反  capricious, changeful, fluid, mercurial, temperamental, versatile, volatile 容易变化的
A: ♣派  stasis n. 静止不变

Q:stature  ['stætʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 高度，身高： natural height (as of a person) in an upright position
A: ♣例  a man of surprisingly great stature 拥有惊人身高的人
A: ♣近  altitude, elevation, inches
A: ♠考法2  n. 才干，水平： quality or status gained by growth, development, or achievement
A: ♣例  This club has grown in stature over the last 20 years. 二十年间这家俱乐部的水平得到了提升。
A: ♣近  merit, quality, value, virtue, worth

Q:staunch  [stɔ:ntʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 忠诚的，坚定的： steadfast in loyalty or principle
A: ♣例  a staunch believer in the democratic system 民主制度的坚定拥护者‖No matter what happens I will be your staunchest supporters. 不论发生什么，我都会是你最忠诚的支持者。
A: ♣近  constant, dedicated, devoted, devout, faithful, fast, loyal, pious, steadfast, steady, true, true-blue
A: ♣反  disloyal, inconstant, perfidious, recreant, traitorous, treacherous 不忠诚的；fickle 善变的

Q:steadfast  ['stedfəst]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 坚定的，忠诚的： firm in belief, determination, or adherence
A: ♣例  Her comrades remained steadfast despite brutal tortures. 尽管有残酷的折磨，她的同志们都保持了忠诚。
A: ♣近  constant, dedicated, devoted, devout, loyal, pious, staunch, steady, true-blue
A: ♣反  disloyal, perfidious, recreant, traitorous, treacherous, unfaithful 不忠的

Q:stealth  [stelθ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 秘密行动： the act or action of proceeding furtively, secretly, or imperceptibly
A: ♣例  Both sides advanced by stealth. 双方都隐秘地行军。
A: ♠考法2  adj. 秘密的： intended not to attract attention
A: ♣例  The SWAT team carried out a stealth raid on the house, which was believed to be harboring a terrorist cell. 特警们对这间被认为是恐怖分子老巢的房屋进行了秘密的突袭。
A: ♣近  backstairs, clandestine, covert, furtive, private, sneak, stealthy, surreptitious, undercover, underground
A: ♣反  open, overt, public 公开的，光明正大的
A: ♣派  stealthy adj. 秘密的，隐秘的

Q:steep  [sti:p]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 浸泡： to make thoroughly wet
A: ♣例  steep the tea for five minutes 浸泡茶叶五分钟
A: ♣近  drench, drown, impregnate, macerate, saturate, sodden, sop, souse
A: ♣反  desiccate, dry, parch, sear 烘烤，烤干；wring 拧干
A: ♠考法2  adj. 陡峭的： having an incline approaching the perpendicular
A: ♣例  a very steep rock face that is nearly impossible to climb 一面非常陡峭以至于不可能攀爬的岩石
A: ♣近  abrupt, precipitate, sheer
A: ♣反  gradual 逐渐变化的；flat 平坦的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 过分的，过高的： going beyond a normal or acceptable limit in degree or amount
A: ♣例  We would like to hire him, but his salary demands are just too steep. 我们很想雇用他，可是他对于薪水的要求实在是太高了。
A: ♣近  exorbitant, extravagant, extreme, immoderate, inordinate, insane, lavish, overdue, overweening, plethoric, stiff
A: ♣反  moderate, modest, reasonable, temperate 适度的

Q:stench  [stentʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 臭气，恶臭： a strong, foul odor
A: ♣例  We finally discovered the dead rat that was causing the stench in the living room. 我们终于发现是死老鼠带来了卧室里的恶臭。
A: ♣近  fetor, funk, malodor, reek, stink
A: ♣反  aroma, fragrance, perfume, scent 香气

Q:stentorian  [sten'tɔ:riən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 声音洪亮的： extremely loud
A: ♣例  an tenor with a stentorian voice 拥有洪亮声音的男高音‖The professor's stentorian voice was enough to keep even the drowsiest student awake. 教授洪亮的声音足以使最困的学生保持清醒。
A: ♣近  blaring, blasting, clamorous, deafening, earsplitting, plangent, resounding, roaring, sonorous, thunderous
A: ♣反  gentle, low, soft 声音轻柔的

Q:stereotype  ['steriəutaip]
A: ♠考法1  n. 成见，老套的理念： a conventional, formulaic, and oversimplified conception, opinion, or image
A: ♣例  The noble savage was a stereotype that appealed to 18th-century intellectuals, who viewed European civilization as decadent and corrupt. “高贵的野蛮人”这一概念是为了迎合十八世纪的文人而提出的，他们将欧洲视作一支正在堕落和腐化的文明。
A: ♣近  concept, conception, generality, notion

Q:sterile  ['sterail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 贫瘠的： not productive or effective
A: ♣例  a sterile land which used to be a forest 曾经是森林的一块贫瘠土地
A: ♣近  barren, effete, fruitless, impotent, infertile
A: ♣反  verdant （因长满植物而）青翠的；fat, fertile, fruitful 肥沃的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无菌的： free from live bacteria or other microorganisms
A: ♣例  The hospitals in the war-torn city often lack necessary drugs and sterile surgical supplies. 在这个被战争所蹂躏的城市中的医院通常缺乏必需的药物和无菌的手术用品。
A: ♣近  aseptic, germfree, hygienic
A: ♣反  insanitary, unhygienic 不卫生的；contaminated, polluted 受污染的
A: ♣派  sterilize v. 消毒，杀菌

Q:stickler  ['stiklə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 坚持细节的人，一丝不苟的人： one who insists on exactness or completeness in the observance of something
A: ♣例  a stickler for perfection 完美主义者‖a stickler for neatness 有洁癖的人
A: ♣近  disciplinarian, pedant, purist, martinet

Q:stiff  [stif]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 僵硬的，无法弯曲的： lacking in suppleness or flexibility
A: ♣例  a stiff cardboard packing box 不易弯折的硬纸板盒‖When I got out of bed this morning my back was stiff as a board. 今早起床时我的背和木板一样僵硬。
A: ♣近  immalleable, impliable, inflexible, petrified, rigid, unbending, unyielding
A: ♣反  flexible, floppy, pliable, pliant, supple, yielding 柔软的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （在社交场合）缺乏优雅的，不自在的： lacking social grace and assurance
A: ♣例  She always felt stiff and ill-at-ease whenever she was introduced to her father's friends. 只要她被介绍给父亲的朋友，她就会感到不自在和浑身不舒服。
A: ♣近  clumsy, gauche, graceless, inelegant, rustic, stilted, uncomfortable, uneasy, wooden
A: ♣反  graceful, suave, urbane 风度翩翩的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 过分的，过高的： going beyond a normal or acceptable limit in degree or amount
A: ♣例  Don't you think that's a pretty stiff fine for such a minor infraction? 你难道不觉得对于这么小的一个错误，罚款实在太高了么？
A: ♣近  exorbitant, extravagant, extreme, immoderate, inordinate, insane, lavish, overdue, overweening, plethoric, steep
A: ♣反  moderate, modest, reasonable, temperate 适度的
A: ♠考法4  adj. 艰苦的，费力的： requiring consid

Q:stifle  ['staifl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 抑制（声音、呼吸等）： to keep in or hold back
A: ♣例  to stifle free expression 限制言论自由
A: ♣近  choke, muffle, mute, repress, smother, strangle, suffocate, suppress
A: ♣反  foment, incite, instigate, provoke, stir 激发，激起
A: ♣派  stifling adj. 抑制的

Q:stigma  ['stiɡmə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 耻辱，污名： a mark of shame or discredit
A: ♣例  the stigma of cowardice 由懦弱而带来的污点‖There's a social stigma attached to receiving welfare. 伴随着社会福利有一种社会耻辱感。
A: ♣近  blemish, brand, onus, slur, smirch, smudge, spot, stain, taint
A: ♣反  award, credit, honor 荣誉；fame, glory, renown, repute 好名声

Q:stigmatize  ['stiɡmətaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使蒙上污名： to characterize or brand as disgraceful or ignominious
A: ♣例  Urban construction workers are often stigmatized by the rest of society as lazy and dirty. 城市里的建筑工人往往被社会里的其他人污蔑为是懒惰而肮脏的。
A: ♣近  abase, debase, degrade, demean, discredit, disgrace, dishonor, foul, humiliate, shame, sink, smirch
A: ♣近  aggrandize, canonize, deify, elevate, exalt 提升（名誉，声望等）

Q:stingy  ['stindʒi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 小气的，吝啬的： being unwilling or showing unwillingness to share with others
A: ♣例  too stingy to tip the waiter 小气到不肯给小费
A: ♣近  closefisted, mean, mingy, miserly, niggardly, parsimonious, penurious, sparing, stinting, tightfisted
A: ♣反  bountiful, charitable, freehanded, generous, liberal, munificent, openhanded 慷慨的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 极少量的： less plentiful than what is normal, necessary, or desirable
A: ♣例  Many people may consider this a rather stingy amount of food. 很多人都会认为这是分量比较少的食物。
A: ♣近  exiguous, poor, scant, scanty, scarce, skimpy, sparse
A: ♣反  abundant, ample, bounteous, copious, plenteous, plentiful 大量的
A: ♣派  stinginess n. 小气

Q:stint  [stint]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 吝惜，节省： to be sparing or frugal
A: ♣例  They never stint with their praise. 他们从不吝啬他们的赞美之词。
A: ♣近  scrimp, skimp
A: ♣近  blow, dissipate, fritter, lavish, misspend, squander, waste 浪费

Q:stipple  ['stipl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 点刻，用点标记： to mark with small spots especially unevenly
A: ♣例  They crossed a field stippled with purple lavender. 他们穿越了一片有紫色薰衣草点缀的田野。
A: ♣近  blotch, dapple, dot, freckle, marble, mottle, speckle, splotch, sprinkle, spot

Q:stipulate  ['stipjuleit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 规定，特定要求： to specify or arrange in an agreement
A: ♣例  Total disarmament was stipulated in the peace treaty. 和平协约中要求彻底解除武装。
A: ♣近  claim, designate, detail, particularize, qualify
A: ♣反  relinquish, surrender, yield, waive 放弃（权力等）
A: ♣派  stipulation n. 规范，要求

Q:stitch  [stitʃ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 突然剧痛： a sharp unpleasant sensation usually felt in some specific part of the body
A: ♣例  He had to drop out of the race when the stitch in his side became too painful. 因为他突然感到剧痛，所以不得不放弃比赛。
A: ♣近  ache, pang, prick, shoot, smart, sting, throe, tingle, twinge
A: ♣反  comfort, ease, easiness 舒适的感觉

Q:stock  [stɔk]
A: ♠考法1  n. 库存，储备： the inventory of goods of a merchant or manufacturer
A: ♣例  This type of product is currently out of stock. 这种商品已经脱销。
A: ♣近  inventory, pool, repertoire, reserve, reservoir
A: ♠考法2  adj. 普通的，常备的： commonly used or brought forward
A: ♣例  the stock answers to sensitive questions 对于敏感问题的常备回答
A: ♣近  common, conventional, general, ordinary, prosaic, routine, standard, universal
A: ♣反  unique 独特的

Q:stockade  [stɔ'keid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 栅栏，围栏： an enclosure or pen made with posts and stakes
A: ♣例  a heavy stockade that protected the troops 保护驻扎部队的厚厚的栅栏
A: ♣近  barricade, barrier, blockade, fence, wall
A: ♠考法2  n. 监狱： a place of confinement for persons held in lawful custody
A: ♣例  All POWs were kept in a remote stockade. 所有的战俘都被关在一个遥远的监狱里。
A: ♣近  bastille, coop, jail, pen, prison

Q:stodgy  ['stɔdʒi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 平庸的，乏味的： dull, unimaginative, and commonplace
A: ♣例  The sitcom was offbeat and interesting in its first season, but has since become predictable and stodgy. 这部情景喜剧在第一季是离奇而有趣的，但是近来变得老套和乏味。
A: ♣近  arid, dreary, dull, flat, jading, jejune, monochromatic, monotonous, pedestrian, stale, tedious, wearisome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 吸引人的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 非常守旧的： extremely old-fashioned
A: ♣例  Without notice she received a letter from his stodgy father. 她毫无征兆地收到了一封来自她保守父亲的信。
A: ♣近  conservative, hidebound, intolerant
A: ♣反  avant-guard 先锋派的；radical 激进的
A: ♣派  stodginess n. 乏味，无趣

Q:stoic  ['stəuik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 隐忍的，冷静的： seemingly indifferent to or unaffected by pleasure or pain
A: ♣例  stoic resignation in the face of hunger 默默忍受着饥饿
A: ♣近  aloof, apathetic, detached, forbearing, indifferent, impassive, phlegmatic, stolid, tolerant, unemotional
A: ♣反  demonstrative, emotional, fervent, fervid, impassioned, passionate, vehement 充满热情的

Q:stoke  [stəuk]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 添加燃料： supply with fuel
A: ♣例  She was stoking the furnace. 她正用给火炉添木头。
A: ♣近  fuel, rekindle
A: ♠考法2  vt. 增大，促进： to make greater in size, amount, or number
A: ♣例  stoke workers’ commitment to the company by raising their salaries 通过加薪来提升员工对公司的忠诚度
A: ♣近  aggrandize, amplify, augment, boost, enlarge, escalate, expand, extend, multiply, raise
A: ♣反  abate, decrease, diminish, downsize, dwindle, lessen, lower, minify, reduce, subtract 减少

Q:stolid  ['stɔlid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无动于衷的，感情麻木的： having or revealing little emotion or sensibility
A: ♣例  Her face showed nothing but stolid indifference. 她的脸上只露出了麻木和冷漠。
A: ♣近  apathetic, catatonic, deadpan, emotionless, impassive, indifferent, numb, phlegmatic, stoic
A: ♣反  demonstrative, emotional, fervent, fervid, impassioned, passionate, vehement 充满热情的
A: ♣派  stolidity n. 麻木，无动于衷

Q:stomach  ['stʌmək]
A: ♠考法1  v. 容忍： to bear without overt reaction or resentment
A: ♣例  I can't stomach his bragging. 我受不了他自吹自擂了。
A: ♣近  abide, brook, countenance, endure, handle, stand, tolerate
A: ♣反  decline, refuse, reject, repudiate, spurn 拒绝

Q:stonewall  [,stəun'wɔ:l]
A: ♠考法1  v. 拒绝（合作），阻挠： to be uncooperative, obstructive, or evasive
A: ♣例  lobbying efforts to stonewall passage of the legislation 意在阻止法律通过的游说行动
A: ♣近  blockade, filibuster, hinder, impede, obstruct
A: ♣反  collaborate, cooperate 合作

Q:stouthearted  ['staut'hɑ:tid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勇敢的： having a stout heart or spirit
A: ♣例  a stouthearted army officer who risked his life to save his men 为了拯救部下宁愿牺牲自己的勇敢军官
A: ♣近  bold, brave, courageous, dauntless, fearless, gallant, intrepid, stalwart, stout, valiant, valorous
A: ♣反  cowardly, craven, fearful, gutless, nerveless, pusillanimous, spineless, spiritless, timorous 怯懦的

Q:strait  [streit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 海峡： a narrow channel joining two larger bodies of water
A: ♣例  Thousands of vessels pass through the straits annually. 每年数以千计的货轮要通过这个海峡。
A: ♣近  channel, narrow, neck
A: ♣反  isthmus 地峡
A: ♠考法2  n. 痛苦： a state of great suffering of body or mind
A: ♣例  in dire straits over the loss of her mother’s cherished necklace 因为丢失了母亲最珍贵的项链而陷入了极端的痛苦之中
A: ♣近  affliction, agony, anguish, excruciation, misery, pain, torment, torture, travail, tribulation, woe

Q:strand  [strænd]
A: ♠考法1  n. 绳、线之一股： a single filament, such as a fiber or thread, of a woven or braided material
A: ♣例  a strand of DNA DNA中的一条链
A: ♣近  thread
A: ♠考法2  v. 遗弃，使置于困境： to leave in a strange or an unfavorable place especially without funds or means to depart
A: ♣例  The convoy was stranded in the desert. 车队被困在了沙漠之中。
A: ♣近  abandon, desert, forsake, maroon, quit
A: ♣反  evacuate, reclaim, rescue 救出

Q:stratagem  ['strætədʒəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 谋略，策略： an artifice or trick in war for deceiving and outwitting the enemy
A: ♣例  a stratagem to secure customer loyalty 用来稳固客户忠诚度的计谋
A: ♣近  artifice, device, gambit, gimmick, intrigue, maneuver, ruse, scheme, trick, wile

Q:stratify  ['strætifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使分成各种等级： to divide into classes, castes, or social strata
A: ♣例  Income distribution often stratifies a society. 收入分配往往将社会分层
A: ♣近  assort, categorize, classify, differentiate, distinguish, separate
A: ♣反  homogenize 使均匀；commingle, mingle 混合
A: ♣派  stratification n. 分层化

Q:stray  [strei]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 漫无目的的： lacking a definite plan, purpose, or pattern
A: ♣例  No stray sighting of UFO’s has been rigorously analyzed by scientists. 在无规律出现的UFO事件之中，尚未有被科学家严谨分析的案例。
A: ♣近  aimless, arbitrary, desultory, erratic, haphazard, scattered, slapdash
A: ♣反  methodical, orderly, organized, regular 有条理的，有组织的；systematic, systematized 系统性的
A: ♠考法2  vi. 离群，迷途，偏离： to move away from a group, deviate from the correct course, or go beyond established limits
A: ♣例  to stray from the main road 偏离了主干道
A: ♣近  deviate, digress, err, wander

Q:strength  [streŋθ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 力量： the ability to exert effort for the accomplishment of a task
A: ♣例  We are facing an army of great strength. 我们面对的是一支强大的军队。
A: ♣近  energy, force, might, potency, power, puissance, sinew, vigor
A: ♣反  impotence, impotency, powerlessness, weakness 无力
A: ♠考法2  n. （抵抗攻击、压力的）强度： the ability to withstand force or stress without being distorted, dislodged, or damaged
A: ♣例  This cheap shelve unit doesn't have the strength to hold all those books. 这个廉价的书架不足以支撑所有的书本。
A: ♣近  firmness, soundness, sturdiness
A: ♣反  insecurity, instability, precariousness, shakiness, unstableness, unsteadiness 不稳固
A: ♣派  strengthen vt. 增强

Q:striate  ['straiit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 加条纹： to mark with striations or striae
A: ♣例  The inner surface of the bark is smooth, of a pale, yellowish brown and very finely striated. 树皮的内部十分光滑，显着偏暗偏黄的棕色，并且有着十分精细的条纹。
A: ♣近  furrow, streak, stripe
A: ♣派  striated adj. 有条纹的

Q:stricture  ['striktʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 责难，批评： an adverse criticism
A: ♣例  The reviewer made several strictures upon the author's style. 评论家就作者的文风发出了不少责难。
A: ♣近  censure, condemnation, denunciation, excoriation, obloquy, rebuke, reprimand, reproach, reproof
A: ♣反  commendation, eulogy 表扬，颂词

Q:stride  [straid]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 迈大步走： to move with or as if with long steps
A: ♣例  strode to the door and slammed it 大步走向门口，狠狠地把门摔上
A: ♣近  march, pace, parade
A: ♣反  mince 碎步走

Q:strident  ['straidənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 刺耳的： characterized by harsh, insistent, and discordant sound
A: ♣例  plagued by the strident noise 被刺耳的噪声所折磨
A: ♣近  grating, harsh, hoarse, jarring, rasping, raucous, squawky
A: ♣反  mellifluous （声音）甜美的；harmonious 和谐的
A: ♣派  stridence n. 喧闹，刺耳

Q:strike  [straik]
A: ♠考法1  n. 攻击： the act or action of setting upon with force or violence
A: ♣例  The first strike was directed at a munitions warehouse. 第一轮攻击的目标是军火仓库。
A: ♣近  aggression, assault, charge, offense, onset, onslaught, raid, rush
A: ♠考法2  vt. 铸造（奖牌）： to form by stamping, printing, or punching
A: ♣近  build, fabricate, forge, form, make, mold, shape
A: ♠考法3  vt. 击打： to aim and usually deliver a blow, stroke, or thrust (as with the hand, a weapon, or a tool)
A: ♣例  angrily stuck the security guard 愤怒地殴打保安
A: ♣近  bat, beat, hammer, hit, knock, nail, punch, swat
A: ♠考法4  vt. 袭击，攻击： to take sudden, violent action against
A: ♣例  A rattlesnake strikes its prey with lightning speed. 响尾蛇以惊人的速度攻击了它的猎物。
A: ♣近  assail, beset, storm, set on
A: ♠考法5  vt. 撞击： to come into usually forceful contact with something
A: ♣例  One bullet-train struck the other one which had been forced to stop on a viaduct due to lightning strike, resulting in huge casualties. 一辆动车撞向了另一辆因雷击而停在高架桥上的动车，造成了巨大的人员伤亡。
A: ♣近  bang, bash, bump, collide, crash, impact, impinge, ram, slam, smash, swipe, t

Q:stringent  ['strindʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 紧绷的： tight, constricted
A: ♣近  inflexible, rigid, taut
A: ♣反  lax, loose, slack 松弛的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 严格的： marked by rigor, strictness, or severity especially with regard to rule or standard
A: ♣例  Its drug-testing procedures are the most stringent in the world. 它的药检程序是世界上最严格的
A: ♣近  draconian, exacting, ironhanded, rigorous, severe, strict, uncompromising
A: ♣反  lenient 宽大的，仁慈的

Q:strip  [strip]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 脱衣，剥去： to remove clothing, covering, or surface matter from
A: ♣例  Guards stripped and start to search the prisoners. 守卫剥光了犯人，开始搜身。
A: ♣近  denude, disrobe, doff, unclothe, undress
A: ♣反  dress, gown, robe 穿衣；bedeck 穿衣打扮

Q:strut  [strʌt]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 趾高气扬地走： to walk with a pompous and affected air
A: ♣例  A pompous general strutted off the parade ground. 盛气凌人的将军从阅兵场上趾高气扬的走过
A: ♣近  parade, prance, stalk, swagger
A: ♠考法2  n. 支柱，压杆： a structural element used to brace or strengthen a framework by resisting longitudinal compression
A: ♣近  brace, buttress, column, girder, support, underpinning

Q:studio  ['stju:diəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 工作室，画室，摄影室： the working place of a painter, sculptor, or photographer
A: ♣例  moved to a larger studio 搬进了更大的工作室
A: ♣近  workshop

Q:stultify  ['stʌltifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使无效，抑制： to deprive of vitality and render futile especially by enfeebling or repressive influences
A: ♣例  The accident stultified his previous efforts. 这场意外使他过去的努力都白费了。
A: ♣近  constipate, stagnate, stifle, trammel
A: ♣反  encourage, foster, nourish 鼓励，培养
A: ♣派  stultifying adj. 抑制的

Q:stunt  [stʌnt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 阻碍（成长）： to hinder the normal growth, development, or progress of
A: ♣例  The inhospitable climate had stunted all vegetation. 不佳的气候条件抑制了所有植物的生长。
A: ♣近  check, curb, dwarf, suppress
A: ♣反  advance, boost, foster, nourish, nurture, promote 培养，促进

Q:stupor  ['stju:pə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 迟钝，麻痹，无知觉： a condition of greatly dulled or completely suspended sense or sensibility
A: ♣例  lapsed into an alcoholic stupor 陷入了无知觉的酒醉状态
A: ♣近  coma, dullness, languor, lethargy, lassitude, listlessness, torpidity, torpor
A: ♣反  alertness, vigilance 警惕，警戒；vigor, vim, vitality, vivacity 活力，精力

Q:sturdy  ['stə:di]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 强健的，结实的： marked by or reflecting physical strength or vigor; substantially made or built
A: ♣例  sturdy young athletes 年轻有力的运动员‖Remember to wear sturdy boots because we will be going over sharp rocks and uneven terrain. 别忘了穿一双靠谱的靴子，因为我们要在锋利的岩石和不平的地形上行走。
A: ♣近  durable, firm, robust, rugged, stalwart, stout, strong, sound, tough, vigorous
A: ♣反  delicate, feeble, frail, weak, wimpy 脆弱的；rickety, unsound, unstable, unsteady 不稳固的
A: ♣派  sturdiness n. 强健

Q:stygian  ['stidʒiən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极黑暗的： extremely dark, gloomy, or forbidding
A: ♣例  the stygian blackness of the cave 山洞里令人恐惧的黑暗
A: ♣近  black, caliginous, dark, dim, gloomy, pitch-black
A: ♣反  bright, brilliant, illuminated, illumined, light, lightsome, lucent, lucid, luminous 明亮的

Q:stymie  ['staimi]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 阻碍： to present an obstacle to
A: ♣例  stymied by red tape 被冗长的政策条款所阻碍
A: ♣近  encumber, fetter, handcuff, handicap, hinder, impede, inhibit, manacle, obstruct, shackle, trammel
A: ♣反  aid, assist, facilitate, help 帮助，促进
A: ♣派  stymieing adj. 阻碍的

Q:subdue  [səb'dju:]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 征服；使顺从： to conquer and bring into subjection; to bring under one's control by force of arms
A: ♣例  subdued the native tribes after years of fighting 经过多年征战终于征服了当地的部落
A: ♣近  conquer, defeat, squelch, subjugate, vanquish
A: ♣反  capitulate, surrender 投降；lose 失败
A: ♣派  subdued adj. 臣服的，柔和的

Q:subject  ['sʌbdʒikt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 臣民，受支配的人： one that is placed under authority or control
A: ♣例  Because of the tense situation in that country, British subjects were advised to return home as soon as possible. 因为该国紧张的局势，英国公民被建议尽快返回英国国内。
A: ♣近  citizen, national
A: ♣反  alien 外来人；potentate 统治者
A: ♠考法2  adj. 取决于其他因素的： contingent on or under the influence of some later action
A: ♣例  The price of seafood is subject to weather conditions. 海鲜的价格受天气影响。
A: ♣近  affected, conditional, contingent, dependent, reliant, subordinate
A: ♣反  independent, unconditional 独立的

Q:subjugate  ['sʌbdʒəɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 征服，镇压： to bring under control and governance as a subject
A: ♣例  I would rather die than be subjugated. 我宁死也不愿臣服。
A: ♣近  conquer, dominate, overpower, pacify, quash, squelch, subdue, vanquish
A: ♣反  capitulate, surrender 投降；lose 失败
A: ♠考法2  vt. 剥夺自由： to make subservient
A: ♣近  enfetter, enslave, enthrall
A: ♣反  discharge, emancipate, enfranchise, liberate, manumit, release, unfetter 解放，释放
A: ♣派  subjugation n. 征服

Q:sublime  [sə'blaim]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 崇高的，庄严的： of high spiritual, moral, or intellectual worth
A: ♣例  the sublime virtue of having given all one's worldly goods to the poor 将所有财产都捐给穷人的崇高美德
A: ♣近  chivalrous, elevated, gallant, greathearted, lofty, magnanimous, noble
A: ♣反  base, debased, degenerate, degraded, ignoble, low 可鄙的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （因为杰出、装光、美丽等而）令人惊叹的： tending to inspire awe usually because of elevated quality (as of beauty, nobility, or grandeur) or transcendent excellence
A: ♣例  the sublime beauty of the canyon 峡谷令人惊叹的美丽
A: ♣近  amazing, astonishing, astounding, awesome, fabulous, miraculous, portentous, prodigious, staggering, stunning, stupendous, wonderful
A: ♣反  common, ordinary 平常的，普通的
A: ♣派  sublimity n. 庄严，壮观

Q:subliminal  [,sʌb'liminəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 下意识的，潜在意识的： below the threshold of conscious perception
A: ♣例  subliminal advertising in movies 电影中的潜意识广告
A: ♣近  concealed, hidden, subconscious
A: ♣反  apparent, clear, evident, manifest, obvious, patent 明显的

Q:submerge  [səb'mə:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使淹没： to put under water
A: ♣例  The river burst its banks, submerging an entire village. 河水冲上了堤岸，淹没了整个村庄。
A: ♣近  dip, douse, drench, drown, immerse, inundate, sop, submerse
A: ♣反  emerge 显现
A: ♣派  submerged adj. 被淹没的

Q:submissive  [səb'misiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 服从的，顺从的，恭顺的： submitting to others
A: ♣例  submissive employees 恭顺的员工‖It's not in her nature to be submissive. 服从不是她的本性。
A: ♣近  amenable, biddable, compliant, conformable, docile, obeisant, obsequious, servile, subservient, tractable
A: ♣反  contumacious, defiant, intractable, obstreperous, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, unruly 不顺从的
A: ♣派  submission n. 服从，顺从

Q:subordinate  [sə'bɔ:dinət]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 下级的，次要的： belonging to a lower or inferior class or rank
A: ♣例  His contention is that environment plays a subordinate role to heredity in determining what we become. 他的观点就是：在决定我们成长的因素——环境和遗传之中，前者处于更次要的地位。
A: ♣近  inferior, junior, lower, minor, secondary, subject, tributary
A: ♣反  greater, higher, major, primary, prime, senior, superior 更优等的，更高等的
A: ♠考法2  vt. 征服： to bring under one's control by force of arms
A: ♣例  It is one of the lessons of history that more powerful civilizations often subordinate weaker ones. 强大的文明往往征服弱势的文明，这是历史的教训之一。
A: ♣近  conquer, dominate, overpower, pacify, subdue, subject, subjugate, vanquish
A: ♣反  capitulate, surrender 投降；lose 失败

Q:subservient  [səb:sə:viənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 奉承的，屈从的： obsequiously submissive
A: ♣近  amenable, biddable, compliant, conformable, docile, obeisant, obsequious, servile, submissive, tractable
A: ♣反  contumacious, defiant, intractable, obstreperous, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, unruly 不顺从的
A: ♣派  subservience n. 服从

Q:subside  [səb'said]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 下陷，下沉，减弱： to tend downward
A: ♣例  Local officials say the flood waters have subsided. 当地官员表示洪水已经退去。‖As the noise of the siren subsided, I was able to fall back to sleep. 随着警笛声的减弱，我可以再次睡着了。‖The pain will subside in a couple of hours. 几个小时之内疼痛感就会退去的。
A: ♣近  abate, decline, decrease, diminish, drop, dwindle, ebb, fall, lessen, moderate, recede, wane
A: ♣反  balloon, burgeon, escalate, expand, grow, increase, intensify, rise, snowball, soar, wax 上升，增大
A: ♣派  subsidence n. 下沉

Q:subsidiary  [səb'sidiəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 次要的： of secondary importance
A: ♣例  The river has several subsidiary streams. 这条河拥有数条支流。
A: ♣近  minor, secondary, subordinate, tributary
A: ♣反  capital, cardinal, central, chief, key, leading, main, paramount, predominant, primary, principal, supreme 主要的，重要的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 起辅助作用的： furnishing aid or support
A: ♣例  Attached are subsidiary materials. 附件当中的是辅助资料。
A: ♣近  accessory, auxiliary, contributory, supplemental, supporting, upholding

Q:subsidy  ['sʌbsidi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 补助金，津贴： monetary assistance granted by a government to a person or group in support of an enterprise regarded as being in the public interest
A: ♣例  a subsidy to manufacturers during the war 战争期间对制造商的补贴金
A: ♣近  allotment, allowance, appropriation, grant, subvention
A: ♣派  subsidize vt. 提供补助

Q:substantial  [səb'stænʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 物质的： of, relating to, or having substance
A: ♣例  a world of dreams, even less substantial than a rainbow 一个梦想中的世界，甚至比彩虹还虚无缥缈
A: ♣近  corporeal, concrete, gross, material, objective, physical, tangible
A: ♣反  tenuous, vaporous 空洞的，空幻的；diaphanous, ethereal, immaterial 非物质的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有重大意义的： considerable in importance, value, degree, amount, or extent
A: ♣例  made a substantial progress 取得了实质性的进展
A: ♣近  consequential, considerable, earthshaking, important, meaningful, momentous, significant, weighty
A: ♣反  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, little, minor, negligible, slight, trifling, trivial 微不足道的

Q:substantiate  [səb'stænʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 证实： to support with proof or evidence
A: ♣例  There is little scientific evidence to substantiate the claims. 现在还缺乏足够的科学证据来证实这种言论。
A: ♣近  attest, authenticate, confirm, corroborate, justify, validate, verify
A: ♣反  controvert, disprove, rebut, refute 反驳
A: ♣派  substantiated adj. 经证实的
A: ♠考法2  vt 使实体化： to give material form to
A: ♣例  The artist's intense feelings are substantiated by his paintings' bold colors and broad brush strokes. 画家强烈的情感通过他画作中鲜艳的色彩和很宽的笔画体现出来。
A: ♣近  embody, epitomize, externalize, incarnate, incorporate, manifest, materialize, personalize
A: ♣反  disembody 使脱离肉体
A: ♣派  substantiated adj. 已证实的

Q:substantive  ['sʌbstəntiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 本质的，关键的： of or relating to the essence or substance
A: ♣例  The substantive information is their political stance. 关键的信息是他们的政治立场。
A: ♣近  constitutional, elemental, essential, fundamental, substantial, vital
A: ♣反  inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, insubstantial, negligible, nominal 不重要的

Q:substitute  ['sʌbstitju:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 取代者，替代品： a person or thing that takes the place or function of another
A: ♣例  If you like, you can use nuts as a substitute for coconut in that recipe. 如果您不反对，我们可以将菜单里的椰子换成坚果。
A: ♣近  backup, cover, fill-in, relief, replacement, reserve, stand-in, surrogate
A: ♠考法2  vt. 取代，替代： to take the place of
A: ♣例  substituting moral power for physical force 将暴力用道德的力量代替‖BFR molecules have some atoms substituted by bromide atoms, which makes it fire-resistant. 在溴化阻燃剂的分子中，一部分原子被溴原子取代，从而使它不易燃烧。
A: ♣近  displace, relieve, replace, supersede, supplant, cut out
A: ♣派  substitution n. 取代

Q:subterfuge  ['sʌbtəfju:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狡计： deception by artifice or stratagem in order to conceal, escape, or evade
A: ♣例  The spy obtained the documents by subterfuge. 间谍通过狡猾的计谋获得了文件。
A: ♣近  artifice, cheat, chicanery, deception, fraud, trickery, wile

Q:subtle  ['sʌtl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 微妙的，难以感知的： (so slight as to be)difficult to understand or perceive
A: ♣例  subtle differences in meaning between the words 单词词义之间的细微差别
A: ♣近  delicate, elusive, evasive, faint, fine, impalpable, intangible, nice, slight
A: ♣反  blatant, conspicuous, obvious, patent, plain 明显的； open, public 公开的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 巧妙的，间接或带有欺骗性的： clever at attaining one's ends by indirect and often deceptive means
A: ♣例  used subtle methods of persuasion 采用了十分巧妙的劝说方式
A: ♣近  beguiling, crafty, cunning, cute, designing, devious, foxy, guileful, scheming, shrewd, sly, tricky, wily
A: ♣反  artless, guileless, ingenuous, innocent, undesigning 天真纯朴的，无伪装的
A: ♣派  subtlety n. 微妙；微妙的想法

Q:subvert  [səb'və:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 颠覆： to overturn or overthrow from the foundation
A: ♣例  an alleged plot to subvert the state 一个谣传的旨在推翻政权的阴谋
A: ♣近  overthrow, overturn, topple
A: ♣反  reinforce 加强
A: ♣派  subversion n. 颠覆

Q:succinct  [sək'siŋkt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 简明的，简洁的： characterized by clear, precise expression in few words
A: ♣例  His speech is always succinct and perspicacious. 他的发言总是简洁而一针见血。
A: ♣近  apothegmatic, brief, compact, compendious, concise, laconic, pithy, summary, telegraphic, terse
A: ♣反  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, long-, prolix, rambling, verbose, windy, wordy 冗长的
A: ♣派  succinctness n. 简洁，扼要

Q:succor  ['sʌkə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 救援，援助： to go to the aid of
A: ♣例  We see it as our duty to succor anyone in need. 我们视帮助他人为自己的职责
A: ♣近  aid, assist, help, relieve, support

Q:succumb  [sə'kʌm]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 屈服： to yield to superior strength or force or overpowering appeal or desire
A: ♣例  refused to succumb to her fears and defiantly walked through the dark cemetery 拒绝向自己的恐惧屈服，而是倔强地走过了幽暗的墓地
A: ♣近  bow, capitulate, concede, submit, surrender, give in
A: ♣反  resist 抵抗
A: ♠考法2  vi. 死亡： to be brought to an end (as death) by the effect of destructive or disruptive forces
A: ♣例  The patient lay so still and pale that everyone thought he had succumbed, and then he opened his eyes. 面色惨白的病人静静地躺在床上，正当所有人都怀疑他已经过逝时，他突然睁开了眼睛。‖The doctor worked tirelessly until finally he, too, succumbed to the plague. 医生不知劳累地工作，直至最后，他也死于瘟疫。
A: ♣近  decease, demise, expire, perish, pass away
A: ♣反  endure, stand 忍受住；breathe, live, survive 存活

Q:suffocate  ['sʌfəkeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使窒息： to deprive of oxygen
A: ♣例  The law requires the owner of a discarded refrigerator to remove its door so that a child won't get trapped inside and suffocate. 法律要求废弃冰箱的所有者移除箱门，从而防止儿童被困其中而窒息致死。
A: ♣近  asphyxiate, choke, smother, stifle, strangle
A: ♣派  suffocating adj. 令人窒息的，压抑的

Q:suffuse  [sə'fju:z]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （色彩等）弥漫，染遍，充满： to spread through or over, as with liquid, color, or light
A: ♣例  a room suffused with warm sunlight 一个充满温暖阳光的房间
A: ♣近  flush, fill, imbue, infuse, interpenetrate, percolate, pervade, transfuse
A: ♣派  suffusing adj. 弥漫的

Q:sulk  [sʌlk]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 生气，愠怒： to be sullenly aloof or withdrawn, as in silent resentment or protest
A: ♣例  He would sulk for hours whenever he didn’t get what he want. 当他的愿望没被满足时，他会生几个小时的闷气
A: ♣近  frown, grump, mope, pout
A: ♣反  crow, delight, exuberate, jubilate, rejoice, triumph 感到高兴，雀跃
A: ♣派  sulky adj. 生气的，不悦的

Q:sullen  ['sʌlən]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 闷闷不乐的： causing or marked by an atmosphere lacking in cheer
A: ♣例  She remained sullen amid festivities alone. 她独自一人在喜庆的气氛中闷闷不乐。‖sullen skies that matched our mood on the day of the funeral 葬礼当天与我们很搭调的沉闷天气
A: ♣近  bleak, cheerless, dark, depressing, dire, gloomy, glum, gray, lugubrious, morose, saturnine, sulky, surly
A: ♣反  bright, cheerful, cheering, cordial, festive, gay 欢快的
A: ♣反  lighthearted 高兴的

Q:summary  ['sʌməri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 摘要： an abstract, abridgment, or compendium especially of a preceding discourse
A: ♣例  Many book reports choose to begin with a summary of the book. 许多书评以该书的摘要开始。
A: ♣近  abstract, brief, epitome, outline, recapitulation, synopsis, summarization
A: ♣反  elaboration 详细解释
A: ♠考法2  adj. 就地的，立即的： done or executed on the spot and without formality
A: ♣例  a summary trial and speedy execution 就地的判决和快速的处决
A: ♣近  drumhead
A: ♣反  prolonged, protracted 拖延的

Q:summit  ['sʌmit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 顶点： the highest point
A: ♣例  the summit of his ambition 他雄心壮志的顶点
A: ♣近  acme, apex, climax, crescendo, crest, crown, culmination, meridian, peak, pinnacle, top, zenith
A: ♣反  bottom, nadir 最低点

Q:summon  ['sʌmən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 召集，召唤： to call together
A: ♣例  The general summoned all his troops before the operation. 行动之前，将军把所有的部队召集到了一起。
A: ♣近  assemble, convene, convoke, muster, rally
A: ♣反  dismiss 解散
A: ♠考法2  vt. 传唤（出庭、出席）： to command by service of a summons, especially to appear in court
A: ♣例  was summoned to answer charges 他被传唤出庭应对起诉
A: ♣近  call, hail

Q:sumptuous  ['sʌmptjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 豪华的，奢侈的： extremely costly, rich, luxurious, or magnificent
A: ♣例  The hotel claims to offer sumptuous furnishings and exquisitely prepared cuisine. 酒店宣称有奢华的装潢和精心准备的食物。
A: ♣近  deluxe, lavish, lush, luxurious, opulent, palatial, resplendent, splendid, superb
A: ♣反  ascetic, austere, humble, spartan简朴的

Q:sunder  ['sʌndə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 分裂，分离： to break apart or in two
A: ♣例  a city sundered by racial conflict 一个因种族冲突而分裂的城市
A: ♣近  disassociate, disconnect, disjoin, disunite, divide, part, rend, rive, separate, sever, unyoke
A: ♣反  bond, connect, join, link, unify, unite, yoke 连接，结合
A: ♣派  asunder adv. 分开地，分裂地

Q:supercilious  [,sju:pə'siliəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 高傲的，傲慢的： feeling or showing haughty disdain
A: ♣例  The aristocrat reacted to their breach of etiquette with a supercilious smile. 贵族对破坏他们破坏礼节的行为报以傲慢的一笑。
A: ♣近  arrogant, assumptive, bumptious, haughty, imperious, pompous, presumptuous, overbearing, superior
A: ♣反  humble, moderate, modest 谦逊的

Q:superficial  [,sju:pə'fiʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 表面的，肤浅的： lacking in depth, solidity, and comprehensiveness
A: ♣例  The official’s superficial report on the situation provoked wide blame on the Internet. 官员对于情况敷衍般的描述激起了网络上的广泛谴责。
A: ♣近  cursory, facile, perfunctory, shallow, sketchy, skin-deep
A: ♣反  profound 深刻的；comprehensive, exhaustive 全面的
A: ♣派  superficiality n. 表面现象

Q:superfluous  [sju'pə:fluəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多余的，过剩的： exceeding what is sufficient or necessary
A: ♣例  a complicated algorithm that could filter all superfluous information 一个能滤除所有的多余信息的复杂算法
A: ♣近  excessive, extra, redundant, surplus
A: ♣反  deficient, inadequate, insufficient, scanty, scarce, short, skimpy, sparse 不足的
A: ♣派  superfluity n. 多余，过剩

Q:superimpose  [,sju:pərim'pəuz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 添声加色，使形象、某因素或性质更加清楚：to add as a distinct feature, element, or quality:
A: ♣例  superimposed her own interpretation when she retold the story 她重复故事的时候，加入了自己的解释

Q:supersede  [,sju:pə'si:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 取代，替代： to displace in favor of another
A: ♣例  That edition of the dictionary that you have has been superseded by a more recent one. 你买的那一版的字典已经被最近新出的版本取代了。
A: ♣近  displace, relieve, replace, substitute, supplant, cut out

Q:supine  [sju:'pain]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 懒散的，懒得动的、倦怠的、消极的或漠不关心的： showing lethargy, passivity, or blameworthy indifference
A: ♣例  a supine legislature that is afraid to take action 害怕采取行动的不作为的立法机关
A: ♣近  inert， passive， dormant， torpid
A: ♣反  vigilant 警惕的

Q:supplant  [sə'plɑ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 排挤，篡夺…的位置： to usurp the place of, especially through intrigue or underhanded tactics
A: ♣例  Old traditions were fading away and being supplanted by modern ways. 老传统逐渐式微，被现代方式取代。
A: ♣近  displace, displant, substitute, supersede, cut out

Q:supple  ['sʌpl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易弯曲的，柔软的： readily bent; pliant
A: ♣例  supple limbs 柔软的四肢 || a supple mind 灵活的头脑
A: ♣近  bendy, flexible, limber, lissome, lithe, pliable, pliant, lithesome
A: ♣反  inflexible, stiff, rigid 坚硬
A: ♣派  suppleness n.柔软

Q:supplement  ['sʌplimənt]
A: ♠考法1  n./v.增补，补充： something that serves to complete or make up for a deficiency in something else
A: ♣例  recommends taking a vitamin C supplement to prevent colds 建议补充维生素C来预防感冒
A: ♣近  addendum, addition, expansion, increment, proliferation, step-up

Q:supplicate  ['sʌplikeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 恳求，乞求： to make a request to (someone) in an earnest or urgent manner
A: ♣例  God is not just someone to be supplicated in times of trouble. 我们不应该只在困难时候才向主祷告。
A: ♣近  beseech, conjure, entreat, impetrate, implore, solicit, plead to, appeal to
A: ♣反  demand 强求

Q:supposition  [,sʌpə'ziʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 猜想，推测： an opinion or judgment based on little or no evidence
A: ♣例  It's pure supposition on your part that there's something illegal going on next door. 你说隔壁在进行非法勾当纯属猜测。
A: ♣近  hypothesis, proposition, surmise,premise, presumption
A: ♣反  certainty 确定

Q:suppress  [sə'pres]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 抑制（表情）： to inhibit the expression of (an impulse, for example); check
A: ♣例  suppress a smile 忍住笑容
A: ♣近  repress, smother, stifle, choke back, hold back
A: ♣反  stimulate 激励
A: ♠考法2  v. 用暴力终止，镇压： to put a stop to (something) by the use of force
A: ♣例  Nothing could suppress the rising tide of protest. 暴力也难以控制越来越激烈的游行示威活动。
A: ♣近  clamp down on, crack down on, put down, quash, repress, silence, slap down, snuff out, squash, squelch, subdue

Q:surcharge  [sə:'tʃɑ:dʒ]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 过高收费： to charge (someone) too much for goods or services
A: ♣例  The airline has added a $30 fuel surcharge on all international flights. 该航空公司对所有国际航线上涨了30美元的燃油税。
A: ♣近  gouge, soak, sting

Q:surfeit  ['sə:fit]
A: ♠考法1  v./n. 过量，饮食过度： to feed or supply to excess
A: ♣例  He surfeited himself with chocolate. 他巧克力吃多了
A: ♣近  overabundance, overage, overflow, plethora, redundancy, superfluity, surplus
A: ♣反  deficiency, deprivation, insufficient supply, famish, starve 短缺，匮乏

Q:surly  ['sə:li]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 脾气不好的： irritably sullen and churlish in mood or manner
A: ♣例  The surly receptionist told us we would have to wait outside in the rain. 态度粗暴的服务员说我们必须在外面等——哪怕是在下雨。
A: ♣近  acid, bearish, bilious, cantankerous, disagreeable, dyspeptic, ill-humored, ill-natured, ornery, splenetic
A: ♣反  amiable, good-humored, good-natured, good-tempered 性格好的

Q:surmise  ['sə:maiz]
A: ♠考法1  n. （根据不足的）推测，揣测： a thought or idea based on scanty evidence
A: ♣例  My surmise is that the couple’s “good news” is the announcement that they are going to have a baby. 我猜那对夫妻说的“好消息”就是他们要有小孩了。
A: ♣近  guess, hypothesis, shot, supposition, theory
A: ♣反  fact 事实
A: ♠考法2  vt. 推测： to form a notion of from scanty evidence
A: ♣例  From his tone I surmised that he was unhappy. 从他的语气中我猜测他并不高兴。
A: ♣近  assume, conjecture, daresay, imagine, infer, presume, speculate, suppose, suspect
A: ♣反  demonstrate, prove, substantiate, validate 证明

Q:surmount  [sə:'maunt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 战胜，获得胜利： to achieve a victory over
A: ♣例  an Olympic swimmer who surmounted endless obstacles to achieve her goals 一个克服重重困难最终实现目标的奥运游泳运动员
A: ♣近  conquer, defeat, overbear, overcome, overmatch, prevail, subdue, triumph, win
A: ♣反  lose 失败

Q:surpass  [sə'pɑ:s]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 超越，强于： to become better, greater, or stronger than
A: ♣例  She always tried to surpass her older brother at anything he did, which results in his diffidence. 她在任何一个方面都要比她哥哥优秀，由此导致了他自信心的匮乏。
A: ♣近  beat, better, eclipse, exceed, excel, outclass, outmatch, outshine, outstrip, overtop, transcend
A: ♣反  fall behind 落后
A: ♠考法2  vt. 突破（界限，纪录等）： to go beyond the limit of
A: ♣例  The sales of the band's newest CD have surpassed the combined sales of its last two albums. 乐队新专辑的发售量甚至超过了前两张销售量的总和。
A: ♣近  break, outreach, outrun, overpass, overreach, overrun, overstep

Q:surrender  [sə'rendə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 交出，放弃，投降： to give (something) over to the control or possession of another usually under duress
A: ♣例  surrender a contractual right 放弃契约上规定的一项权利
A: ♣近  abnegate, cede, relinquish, renounce, resign
A: ♣反  appropriate 挪用，占为己有
A: ♠考法2  v. 沉溺于： to give (oneself) over to something especially unrestrainedly
A: ♣例  surrendered himself to grief 沉湎于悲伤
A: ♣近  deliver, give up, indulge, yield

Q:surreptitious  [,sʌrəp'tiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 偷偷摸摸的，保密的： undertaken or done so as to escape being observed or known by others
A: ♣例  took a surreptitious glance at her knees 偷偷瞟了一下她的膝盖
A: ♣近  backstairs, clandestine, covert, furtive, privy, underground, underhanded, behind-the-scenes
A: ♣反  barefaced, aboveboard, open, overt, public 光明正大的

Q:surrogate  ['sʌrəɡeit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 替代品： one that takes the place of another
A: ♣例  For some people, Google Earth is never a justified surrogate for actual travel. 对于一部分人而言，谷歌地球决不是旅行的合理替代品。
A: ♣近  backup, cover, fill-in, relief, replacement, reserve, stand-in, substitute

Q:surveillance  [sə:'veiləns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 监视，监控： close observation of a person or group, especially one under suspicion
A: ♣例  government surveillance of suspected terrorists 政府对于恐怖分子嫌疑人的监控
A: ♣近  oversight, supervision, watch

Q:susceptibility  [sə,septə'biləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 易受感染的性质或状态： the quality or state of having little resistance to some outside agent
A: ♣例  A weak immune system causes increased susceptibility to disease. 弱的免疫系统会增大患病的概率。
A: ♣近  defenselessness, vulnerability, weakness
A: ♣反  immunity, invulnerability 免疫

Q:suspend  [sə'spend]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 暂停，中止： to bring to a formal close for a period of time
A: ♣例  suspended the trial 暂停审判
A: ♣近  prorogue, recess
A: ♣反  invoke 实行
A: ♠考法2  vt. 悬挂： hang
A: ♣例  suspended a banner proclaiming the town's “Heritage Days” from the archway 在拱门上方悬挂了一条庆祝“遗产日”的条幅
A: ♣反  erect, let fall 使直立，落下

Q:suture  ['su:tʃə]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 缝合： the process of joining two surfaces or edges together along a line by or as if by sewing
A: ♣例  The doctor cleaned, sutured, and bandaged the wound. 医生将伤口清洗、缝合、包扎。
A: ♣反  incision, avulse 切开，撕脱

Q:svelte  [svelt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （女人）体态苗条的，优雅的： slender or graceful in figure or outline; slim.
A: ♣例  The svelte dancer seemed to float across the stage. 苗条的舞者看起来就像在舞台上漂浮。
A: ♣近  bony, lean, skinny, slender, slim
A: ♣反  plump, corpulent, paunchy and awkward 丰满的，大腹便便而笨拙的

Q:swagger  ['swæɡə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 大摇大摆地走，趾高气昂地走： to conduct oneself in an arrogant or superciliously pompous manner
A: ♣例  The young man confidently swaggered across the room. 年轻人高傲地在房间里走来走去。
A: ♣近  prance, sashay, stalk
A: ♠考法2  v. 自夸，吹嘘： boast, brag
A: ♣例  I would swagger if I'd won first place in the bowling tournament. 如果我赢了保龄球锦标赛我肯定会自夸。
A: ♣近  brag, vapor, vaunt, gasconade

Q:swear  [swεə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 咒骂： to use profane or obscene language: curse
A: ♣例  no one is allowed to swear in this house 这个房间里禁止说脏话
A: ♣近  blaspheme, curse, cuss
A: ♣反  accolade 赞美
A: ♠考法2  v. 宣誓： to promise or pledge with a solemn oath; vow
A: ♣例  He swore his oath of allegiance to the queen. 他宣誓效忠女王
A: ♣近  attest, depose, covenant, pledge, vow

Q:sweltering  ['sweltəriŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 酷热的： oppressively hot
A: ♣例  The air conditioning was broken, and it was sweltering in the room. 空调坏了，房间里酷热难耐。
A: ♣近  boiling, scorching, searing, sultry, torrid, fiery
A: ♣反  algid, arctic, bone-chilling, freezing, frigid, frozen, glacial, ice-cold, iced, icy 严寒的

Q:swerve  [swə:v]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 突然改变方向： to turn aside abruptly from a straight line or course
A: ♣例  The car swerved sharply to avoid the squirrel in the road. 为了避开路中的松鼠，汽车猛地转向。
A: ♣近  detour, deviate, diverge, sheer, swing, veer
A: ♣反  maintain direction, straighten 保持方向，直行

Q:swill  [swil]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 痛饮，大口地吃： to drink greedily, to eat greedily or to excess
A: ♣例  Considering the way she swills carbonated drinks, she ought to own stock in Pepsi company. 鉴于她对碳酸饮料消费的贡献，百事公司应该给她分点股份。
A: ♣近  gulp, quaff, swig
A: ♣反  sip 啜饮

Q:swindle  ['swindl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 欺骗，骗取： to cheat or defraud of money or property
A: ♣例  Hundreds of people were swindled out of their savings 几百人都被骗去了存款。
A: ♣近  bilk, con, hustle, fiddle, gyp, bunco, flimflam

Q:sybarite  ['sibərait]
A: ♠考法1  n. 沉于奢侈逸乐者，酒色之徒： a person devoted to pleasure and luxury; a voluptuary
A: ♣例  The prince was remembered as a self-indulgent sybarite. 王子酒色之徒的名声远扬。
A: ♣近  debauchee, decadent, hedonist, sensualist
A: ♣反  spartan, ascetic 禁欲者

Q:sycophant  ['sikəfənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 马屁精： a servile self-seeking flatterer
A: ♣例  When her career was riding high, the self-deluded actress often mistook sycophants for true friends. 当她的事业如日中天之时，该演员总是把一些马屁精误以为是真朋友。
A: ♣近  fawner, flunky , lickspittle, toady, apple-polisher, bootlicker, brownnoser

Q:syllabus  ['siləbəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 提纲，摘要：课文、演讲或研究课题的要点的概要或提纲： an outline or a summary of the main points of a text, lecture, or course of study
A: ♣例  Have you got next year’s syllabus? 你拿到明年的教学大纲了吗？

Q:syllogism  ['silədʒizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 由一般到个别的推理；演绎： reasoning from the general to the specific; deduction
A: ♣例  The syllogism was at the core of traditional deductive reasoning, where facts are determined by combining existing statements, in contrast to inductive reasoning where facts are determined by repeated observations. 从一般到个别的推理是传统演绎推理的核心由结合现存状态所确定，而归纳推理则由重复观测来确认。
A: ♣派  syllogize v. 用三段论论证

Q:symbiosis  [,simbi'əusis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 共生关系： the living together in more or less intimate association or close union of two dissimilar
A: ♣例  The bird lives in symbiosis with the hippopotamus. 这种鸟和河马是共生关系。
A: ♣反  unrelated growth 无关联的生长

Q:symmetry  ['simitri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 对称： balanced proportions
A: ♣例  The building has perfect symmetry. 这栋房子是完美的对称构造。
A: ♣近  balance, coherence, consonance, proportion
A: ♣反  disproportion, asymmetry, discordance, disproportion, disunity, imbalance, incoherence, violence 不均衡，混乱

Q:synchronous  ['siŋkrənəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj 同时期的，同相的： having identical period and phase
A: ♣例  The synchronous arrival of a baby sister and loss of a beloved grandmother strongly affected the girl. 妹妹的出生和奶奶的去世同时发生，给小姑娘造成了巨大的影响
A: ♣近  coetaneous, coeval, coexistent, concurrent, contemporaneous, simultaneous
A: ♣反  occurring at different times, noncontemporaneous, out-of-phase 发生在不同时代的

Q:synergic  [si'nə:dʒik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 合作的： working together: cooperating
A: ♣例  synergic muscles 协同肌肉
A: ♣反  antagonistic 敌对的

Q:synonymous  [si'nɔniməs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 同义的： having the same or a similar meaning
A: ♣例  Paris has always been synonymous with elegance, luxury and style. 巴黎在人们心中就是优雅、奢侈、时尚的同义词。

Q:synopsis  [si'nɔpsis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 摘要，概要： a brief outline or general view; an abstract or a summary.
A: ♣例  Just give me a synopsis of the movie. 把电影的大致情节给我说说就行。
A: ♣近  abstract, brief, digest, recapitulation, roundup, summarization, epitome

Q:synthesis  ['sinθisis]
A: ♠考法1  n. 合成，综合： the combination of parts or elements so as to form a whole
A: ♣例  a philosophy that is a kind of synthesis of several schools of Western and Eastern thought 哲学史东西方很多流派思想的综合
A: ♣近  admixture, alloy, amalgamation, compound, conflation, fusion, meld
A: ♣反  analysis, take apart 分解

Q:tacit  ['tæsit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 暗示的： implied or indicated (as by an act or by silence) but not actually expressed
A: ♣例  tacit consent 默许
A: ♣近  implied, unexpressed, unspoken, unvoiced, wordless
A: ♣反  explicit, express, expressed, spoken, stated, voiced 明确的表达，直率的

Q:taciturn  ['tæsitə:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 沉默寡言的，话少的： temperamentally disinclined to talk
A: ♣例  A taciturn man never initiates a conversation. 一个寡言的男人从不主动和人说话。
A: ♣近  laconic, reserved, reticent, tight-lipped, uncommunicative
A: ♣反  garrulous, loquacious, glib, expansive, prolix, voluble 多话的

Q:tackle  ['tækl]
A: ♠考法1  v. 着手处理： to start work on energetically
A: ♣例  Once I clean the kitchen, I think I'll tackle the bathroom. 等我把厨房收拾干净了，就去收拾浴室。
A: ♣近  dive into, wade in

Q:tact  [tækt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 机敏，精明，不冒犯： a keen sense of what to do or say in order to maintain good relations with others or avoid offense
A: ♣例  She talked to her neighbor with supreme tact. 她和邻居说话语调十分圆滑。
A: ♣近  diplomacy
A: ♣反  clumsiness, insensitivity, tactlessness 笨拙

Q:tactile  ['tæktail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有触觉的，能触知的： perceptible by touch: tangible
A: ♣例  The thick brushstrokes give the painting a tactile quality. 粘稠的笔触给了这幅画一种厚实的感觉。

Q:tactless  ['tæktlis]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不机智的，笨拙的： bluntly inconsiderate or indiscreet.
A: ♣例  tactless comments 不明智的评论
A: ♣近  graceless, ill-advised, imprudent, indelicate, injudicious, undiplomatic
A: ♣反  advisable, discreet, judicious, prudent, tactful, wise 小心谨慎的，明智的

Q:taint  [teint]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （品质）污损： to affect slightly with something morally bad or undesirable
A: ♣例  A tendency toward conceitedness taints that athlete's status as a role model. 该运动员自负的倾向玷污了其行为模范的地位。
A: ♣近  blemish, darken, mar, spoil, tarnish, vitiate
A: ♣派  tainted 污损的
A: ♣反  pristine, unspoiled, wholesome, unadulterated 纯洁的，健全的

Q:talisman  ['tælizmən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 护身符： something worn or kept to bring good luck or keep away evil
A: ♣例  A pendant of white nephrite jade is often worn by Indians as a talisman to ward off heart disease. 印度人通常戴一串软玉项链防止心脏病发作。
A: ♣近  amulet, fetish, mascot, mojo, periapt, phylactery

Q:tame  [teim]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 被驯化的： reduced from a state of native wildness especially so as to be tractable and useful to humans
A: ♣例  Every evening, a wild Canada goose is at the food trough with our tame geese. 每天傍晚的食槽边总会出现一只野生加拿大鹅和我们的饲养家鹅一起进食。
A: ♣近  domestic, domesticated, tamed
A: ♣反  feral, savage, undomesticated, untamed, wild 野生的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无聊的，乏味的： lacking spirit, zest, interest, or the capacity to excite
A: ♣例  That action movie was so tame I fell asleep about 20 minutes into it. 那部动作片实在是太无聊了，我刚开场二十分钟就睡着了。
A: ♣近  arid, drab, dreary, drudging, humdrum, insipid, jading, jejune, monochromatic, monotonous, pedestrian, ponderous, stale, stodgy, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
A: ♣反  absorbing, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 令人感兴趣的
A: ♠考法3  vt. 控制，抑制： to keep from exceeding a desirable degree or level (as of expression)
A: ♣例  Try to tame your language when you are in front of the kids. 在孩子面前注意一下你的措辞。
A: ♣近  bridle, check, constrain, contain, curb, govern, hold, inhibit, keep, measure, regulate, rein, res

Q:tamper  ['tæmpə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 恶意窜改，损害： to handle thoughtlessly, ignorantly, or mischievously
A: ♣例  tamper with tradition 坏了规矩
A: ♣近  diddle with, fiddle with, fool with, mess with
A: ♠考法2  v. 玩弄： to tinker with rashly or foolishly
A: ♣例  Don't tamper with my feelings. 不要玩弄我的感情。

Q:tangent  ['tændʒənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. / adj. 离题（的），不相关（的）： diverging from an original purpose of course: irrelevant
A: ♣例  tangent remarks 不相关的评论
A: ♣近  excursive, digressive
A: ♣反  essential 重要的

Q:tangible  ['tændʒəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可感知的： capable of being perceived
A: ♣近  palpable, touchable
A: ♣反  impalpable, intangible, unable to perceive 无法感知的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 确凿的， 真实的： possible to be treated as fact; real or concrete
A: ♣例  tangible evidence 确凿的证据

Q:tangle  ['tæŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 困惑，不解： a state of perplexity or complete bewilderment
A: ♣例  My mind has been in a tangle ever since I learned some information about an old, deceased acquaintance. 自从我获知一些关于已故的老熟人的消息之后我就陷入了困惑之中。
A: ♣近  bafflement, befuddlement, bemusement, bewilderment, confusedness, distraction, muddle, mystification, perplexity, puzzlement, whirl
A: ♣反  assurance, certainty, certitude, confidence, conviction, sureness 确信
A: ♠考法2  vt. 纠缠，使…纠结： to seize and hold in or as if in a snare
A: ♣例  was at last tangled in the web of lies that he had told to everyone 最终被自己所编织的谎言缠住了
A: ♣近  enmesh, ensnare, ensnarl, entrap, mesh, net, snare, trap
A: ♣反  disentangle 解开

Q:tangy  ['tæŋi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 刺激的： having a powerfully stimulating odor or flavor
A: ♣例  a tangy sauce with a strong aftertaste 味道很刺激的酱料，回味无穷
A: ♣近  pungent, strong
A: ♣反  bland, mild, smooth不刺激的

Q:tantalize  ['tæntəlaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 激起，挑逗： to excite (another) by exposing something desirable while keeping it out of reach
A: ♣例  He was tantalized by the possibility of earning a lot of money quickly. 有人用迅速致富挑逗他。
A: ♣反  comfort, console, solace, alleviate, assuage, relieve, satiate 安慰，缓和

Q:tantamount  ['tæntəmaunt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 等价的，与…相等的： equivalent in value, significance, or effect
A: ♣例  a relationship tantamount to marriage 到了谈婚论嫁地步的关系
A: ♣反  incommensurate 不相称的

Q:tantrum  ['tæntrəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 勃然大怒，发脾气： a fit of bad temper
A: ♣例  had a tantrum 大发脾气
A: ♣近  blowup, explosion, fit
A: ♣反  pacification 平静

Q:taper  ['teipə]
A: ♠考法1  vt.（使）逐渐变细： to become gradually narrower or thinner toward one end
A: ♣例  taper to a point 逐渐变成为一点
A: ♣近  abate, decline, diminish, dwindle, shrink, wane, drain away
A: ♠考法2  v. 逐渐减少，减弱： to diminish or lessen gradually
A: ♣例  The storm finally tapered off. 风暴逐渐平静了。
A: ♣近  subside, die down, phase down, fall away, let up

Q:tardy  ['tɑ:di]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 缓慢的，迟缓的： moving slowly: sluggish
A: ♣例  He was tardy to work. 他做事拖拖拉拉。
A: ♣近  crawling, creeping, dallying, dawdling, dilatory, dragging, lagging, languid, sluggish
A: ♣反  bolting, brisk, fleet, flying, meteoric, rocketing, scooting, scudding, scurrying, swift, whirling 迅速的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 延后的，迟的： delayed beyond the expected or proper time
A: ♣例  a tardy arrival 迟到
A: ♣近  behind, belated, delinquent, overdue
A: ♣反  early, inopportune, precocious, premature, unseasonable, untimely 提早的

Q:tarnish  ['tɑ:niʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 玷污： to affect slightly with something morally bad or undesirable
A: ♣例  an arrest for shoplifting tarnished her reputation 因在商店行窃被捕玷污了她的声望
A: ♣近  blemish, mar, stain, vitiate

Q:tasty  ['teisti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 美味的，令人愉悦的： giving pleasure or contentment to the mind or senses
A: ♣例  the tasty prospect of getting his revenge 报仇成功的诱人前景
A: ♣近  agreeable, delectable, delightful, satisfying, savory
A: ♣反  uninteresting, disagreeable, unpalatable, unpleasant, unwelcome 无趣的，令人失望的

Q:tatty  ['tæti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 破旧的，褴褛的： somewhat worn, shabby, or dilapidated
A: ♣例  a tatty shirt 破旧的衬衣
A: ♣近  dilapidated, scruffy, seedy, sleazy, tatterdemalion, tatty, threadbare
A: ♣反  smart 漂亮的

Q:taunt  [tɔ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 嘲弄性质疑，挑衅： to reproach or challenge in a mocking or insulting manner: jeer at
A: ♣例  The boys continually taunted each other. 男孩子们互相挑衅。
A: ♣近  bait, hassle, haze, heckle, needle, ride

Q:taut  [tɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 紧绷的： not loose or flabby
A: ♣例  taut muscles 紧实的肌肉
A: ♣反  lax, loose, slack 松弛的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 整洁的： kept in proper order or condition, kept in trim shape; neat and tidy
A: ♣例  a taunt ship 保养得不错的船
A: ♣近  kempt, orderly, shipshape, trim

Q:tawdry  ['tɔ:dri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 俗丽的： cheap and gaudy in appearance or quality; ignoble
A: ♣例  a tawdry attempt to smear his opponent 企图污蔑对手的下三滥的手段
A: ♣近  meretricious, gaudy, flashy, garish
A: ♣反  exquisite 高雅的

Q:taxing  ['tæksiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 繁重的，费力的： requiring much time, effort, or careful attention
A: ♣例  The journey proved to be very taxing. 旅途很艰辛。
A: ♣近  arduous, burdensome, exacting, grueling, laborious, onerous, toilsome
A: ♣反  light, easy 轻快的

Q:tedious  ['ti:diəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冗长乏味的： tiresome because of length or dullness: boring
A: ♣例  a tedious public ceremony 冗长无聊的公开仪式
A: ♣近  drab, dreary, jading, monotonous, stale, stodgy, stuffy, weary, drudging
A: ♣反  entertaining, absorbing, stimulating, engaging, engrossing, gripping, interesting, intriguing, involving, riveting 令人愉快的，吸引人的

Q:teeming  ['ti:miŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 大量的： possessing or covered with great numbers or amounts of something specified
A: ♣例  oceans teeming with life 孕育着无穷生命的海洋
A: ♣近  abundant, ample, awash, cornucopian, flush, fraught, lousy, replete, swarming, thick, thronging
A: ♣反  bare, barren, blank, devoid, empty, stark, vacant, void 贫瘠的，空无一物的

Q:teeter  ['ti:tə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 蹒跚，不稳定的行走： to move unsteadily: wobble
A: ♣例  She teetered down the street in her high heels. 她穿着高跟鞋，在街上摇摇欲坠。
A: ♣近  careen, dodder, lurch, reel
A: ♣反  stabilize 使…稳固
A: ♠考法2  v. 犹豫不决： to show uncertainty about the right course of action
A: ♣例  was teetering on the brink of making a decision about college
A: ♣近  balance, dither, falter, hang back, scruple, shilly-shally, stagger, vacillate, waver, wobble
A: ♣反  dive in, plunge in

Q:teetotalism  [ti:'təutəlizəm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 禁酒： the principle or practice of complete abstinence from alcoholic drinks
A: ♣反  intemperance 饮酒过度

Q:telling  ['teliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有效的，显著的： effective, expressive
A: ♣例  the most telling evidence 最有力的证据
A: ♣近  compelling, conclusive, convincing, forceful, persuasive, satisfying
A: ♣反  inconclusive, indecisive, ineffective, uncompelling, unconvincing, unpersuasive 无效的

Q:temerity  [ti'merəti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 鲁莽，冒失： foolhardy disregard of danger; recklessness
A: ♣例  She was punished for his temerity. 她因冒失迟到了苦头。
A: ♣近  audacity, brashness, presumption, presumptuousness
A: ♣反  circumspection, cautious approach, pusillanimity 谨慎

Q:temperate  ['tempərit]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 言行举止有分寸的： avoiding extremes in behavior or expression
A: ♣例  rather temperate in his appraisal of the movie, calling it good but not great 对于电影的赞赏很适度，说其“还好”而不是“很棒”
A: ♣反  immoderate, extreme, frivolous 极端的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 有节制的： given to or marked by restraint in the satisfaction of one's appetites
A: ♣例  a soft-spoken, serious-minded person of temperate habits 一个说话温和、认真严肃的人，兴趣爱好都很适度
A: ♣近  abstentious, abstinent, continent, self-abnegating, self-denying, sober
A: ♣反  self-indulgent 放纵的

Q:tempestuous  [tem'pestjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 突然且剧烈的变化： marked by sudden or violent disturbance
A: ♣例  In terms of social change, the 1960s are generally considered the most tempestuous decade in recent American history. 就社会变革来说，20世纪60年代是近现代美国历史上最动荡的十年。
A: ♣近  cataclysmal, tumultuous, turbulent
A: ♣反  serene 平静的

Q:temporal  ['tempərəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 世俗的，尘世的： of or relating to earthly life
A: ♣例  The master told his disciples not to worry about temporal concerns, but instead focus on spiritual matters. 大师要弟子们不要为尘世间的纷争而苦恼，而是将精神集中于灵魂上的思考。
A: ♣近  carnal, earthborn, earthbound, fleshly, material, mundane, secular, sublunary, terrene, terrestrial, worldly
A: ♣反  heavenly, unearthly, unworldly 非尘世间的；spiritual 精神上的；religious 宗教的

Q:temporize  ['tempəraiz]
A: ♠考法1  v. 行动躲躲闪闪以争取时间、躲避争论等： to act evasively in order to gain time, avoid argument, or postpone a decision
A: ♣例  “Colonial officials . . . ordered to enforce unpopular enactments, tended to temporize, to find excuses for evasion”(J.H. Parry) “被命令来执行不受欢迎法案的殖民地官员们倾向于敷衍了事，去寻找逃避的理由”(J.H.帕里)

Q:tenable  ['tenəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有据可依的，无懈可击的： capable of being held or defended; reasonable
A: ♣例  a tenable theory 一个站得住脚的理论 || a tenable outpost 一个守得住的前哨
A: ♣近  defendable, justifiable, maintainable, supportable, sustainable
A: ♣反  unjustified, unsound, specious, indefensible, fallacious 不合理的

Q:tenacious  [ti'neiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 顽固的，不屈不挠的： persistent in maintaining something valued or habitual
A: ♣例  a tenacious advocate of civil rights 公民权的坚定捍卫者
A: ♣近  dogged, insistent, persevering, pertinacious
A: ♣反  negotiable, vacillated 可商量的，踌躇的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 粘着的： tending to adhere to objects upon contact
A: ♣例  You'll have enough time getting those tenacious gum off of your wool sweater. 你有足够的时候去把羊毛毛衣上面那块粘着的泡泡糖弄下来。
A: ♣近  adherent, adhesive, clingy, glutinous, tacky, viscid
A: ♣反  nonadhesive 不具有粘性的

Q:tendentious  [ten'denʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有偏见的： marked by a tendency in favor of a particular point of view: biased
A: ♣例  He made some extremely tendentious remarks. 他有些评论颇具偏向性。
A: ♣近  partial, distorting, subjective, biased
A: ♣反  unbiased, unprejudiced 公平的

Q:tender  ['tendə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 正式提出： to offer formally
A: ♣例  tender a letter of resignation 正式提交辞职信
A: ♣近  extend, proffer, trot out
A: ♣反  withdraw 撤回
A: ♠考法2  adj. 考虑周到的，关心同情的： having or marked by sympathy and consideration for others
A: ♣例  an especially tender teacher who loves having kids with special educational needs in her class 特别无微不至的老师，爱着那些需要特别教育的孩子们
A: ♣近  beneficent, benevolent, benignant, compassionate, softhearted
A: ♣反  atrocious, barbarous, bestial, brutal, callous, cruel, fiendish, inhuman, insensate, sadistic, savage, truculent, uncompassionate, vicious 尖酸刻薄的

Q:tentative  ['tentətiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 暂时性的，尝试的： not fully worked out or developed
A: ♣例  Our plans are only tentative at this point and will depend on whether you can come. 我们的计划只是暂时性的，具体还要看你能否前来。
A: ♣近  ad interim, impermanent, interim, provisional, provisionary, provisory, short-term, temporary, trial
A: ♣反  final 最终的；ceaseless, endless, eternal, immortal, permanent, perpetual, undying 永久性的

Q:tenuous  ['tenjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 没有实际内容的： having little substance; flimsy
A: ♣例  a tenuous argument 站不住脚的论点
A: ♣反  substantial 实质的

Q:tepid  ['tepid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不太热心的： showing little or no interest or enthusiasm
A: ♣例  a tepid response 冷漠的回应 || the tepid conservatism of the fifties 五十年代那种温和的保守主义
A: ♣近  lukewarm, halfhearted, uneager, unenthusiastic
A: ♣反  ardent, ebullient, feverish, keen, passionate, wholehearted 热心的

Q:terminology  [,tə:mi'nɔlədʒi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 专业术语： the special terms or expressions of a particular group or field
A: ♣例  the terminology favored by sportscasters 体育节目转播员喜欢用的那些术语 || medical terminology that can be hard for the patient to understand 那些病人们难以理解的医学术语
A: ♣近  argot, cant, dialect, jargon, jive, lingo, patois, patter, slang

Q:terminus  ['tə:minəs]
A: ♠考法1  n. 终点，终点站： the final point; the end
A: ♣例  Stockholm is the terminus for the southbound train. 斯德哥尔摩是南向去的列车的终点站。
A: ♣反  outset, sustain 开始，持续

Q:terror  ['terə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 极度恐惧： a state of intense fear
A: ♣例  Many civilians fled in terror. 很多黎民百姓极度恐慌逃难去了。
A: ♣近  anxiety, dread, fearfulness, fright, horror, panic, trepidation

Q:terse  [tə:s]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 简洁的，简明的： brief and to the point; effectively concise
A: ♣例  dismissed me with a terse “no” 用一个简单的“不”把我打发了
A: ♣近  compact, compendious, laconic, pithy, succinct
A: ♣反  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, long-winded, prolix, rambling, verbose, windy, wordy 冗长啰嗦的

Q:testimony  ['testiməni]
A: ♠考法1  n. 证词，声明： firsthand authentication of a fact
A: ♣例  The jury heard 10 days of testimony. 陪审团进行了10天的听证。
A: ♣近  attestation, confirmation, documentation, substantiation, testament, validation
A: ♣反  disproof 反驳

Q:testy  ['testi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易怒的，暴躁的： easily annoyed: irritable
A: ♣例  That coworker would be easier to get along with if she weren't so testy all the time. 如果那个同伴不是一直那么暴怒的话，她还是挺好相处的。
A: ♣近  choleric, irascible, peevish, perverse, pettish, petulant
A: ♣反  affable, good humor, unable to irritate, imperturbable, patient 和蔼可亲的，冷静的，忍耐的

Q:tether  ['teðə]
A: ♠考法1  vt.（用绳，铁链）拴系，束缚： to fasten or restrain by or as if by a tether
A: ♣例  They tethered the horses in the shade. 他们把马摔在棚子里
A: ♣反  detach, tear loose 分开，撕裂
A: ♠考法2  n. 能力或忍耐力的极限： the limit of one's strength or resources
A: ♣例  drought-stricken farmers at the end of their tether 受干旱打击的农民忍无可忍

Q:theatrical  [θi'ætrikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 做作的，夸张的，矫揉造作的： marked by exaggerated self-display and unnatural behavior
A: ♣例  assumed a theatrical pose 摆出夸张的姿势
A: ♣近  dramatic, histrionic, melodramatic, stagy
A: ♣反  natural, understated, reserved, restraint 自然的

Q:therapeutic  [,θerə'pju:tik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 治疗的： of or relating to the treatment of disease or disorders by remedial agents or methods
A: ♣例  Gentle exercise can be therapeutic for hospital patients. 适量的运动对病人恢复有好处。
A: ♣近  curative, healing, officinal, remedial, restorative

Q:thick-skinned  ['θikskind]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冷漠无情的，不顾及他人感受的： largely unaffected by the needs and feelings of other people
A: ♣例  She was so thick-skinned that she was clueless about the fact that the joke had hurt her friend's feelings. 她很少顾及他人的感受，以至于她根本没有意识到那个玩笑伤害了她朋友的感情。
A: ♣近  affectless, callous, cold-blooded, heartless, indurate, inhumane, insensitive, merciless, obdurate, ruthless
A: ♣反  charitable, compassionate, humane, kindhearted, merciful, sympathetic, tender, warmhearted 慈善的

Q:thorny  ['θɔ:ni]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多刺的： full of thorns
A: ♣例  Stay out of the thorny brambles unless you want a ton of scratches. 离那些荆棘丛远一点，除非你想满身都是窟窿。
A: ♣反  smooth 平滑的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 棘手的： full of difficulties or controversial points : ticklish
A: ♣例  a thorny problem 棘手的问题
A: ♣近  catchy, delicate, knotty, prickly, ticklish

Q:threadbare  ['θredbεə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 陈腐的： overused to the point of being worn out; hackneyed
A: ♣例  a novel filled with nothing but threadbare clichés 一部满是陈词滥调的小说
A: ♣近  banal, cliché, commonplace, hackney, shopworn, trite
A: ♠考法2  adj. 贫穷的： lacking money or material possessions
A: ♣例  never knew that she had so many threadbare relatives until she won the lottery 赢了彩票之后才知道她有这么多穷亲戚
A: ♣近  beggared, destitute, down-and-out, famished, impecunious, impoverished, indigent, necessitous, needful, pauperized, penniless, penurious, poverty-stricken, skint
A: ♣反  affluent, deep-pocketed, flush, opulent, silk-stocking, wealthy, well-heeled, well-off, well-to-do 富裕的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 破烂的： worn or torn into or as if into rags
A: ♣例  I loved that threadbare shirt, but after 10 years of wear, it was time to throw it away. 我很喜欢那件旧旧的衬衣，但是已经穿了10年了，是该扔了。
A: ♣近  frayed, raggedy, ratty, seedy, shabby, tattered, worn-out

Q:thrill  [θril]
A: ♠考法1  n. 强烈的兴奋感，快感： a pleasurably intense stimulation of the feelings
A: ♣例  Everyone gets a real thrill out of the Independence Day fireworks. 每个人都因独立日的焰火表演而感到无比的兴奋。
A: ♣近  bang, boot, exhilaration, frisson, jollies, kick, rush, titillation, wallop
A: ♠考法2  vt. 使兴奋，使激动： a pleasurably intense stimulation of the feelings
A: ♣例  I was thrilled to hear that you got the promotion that you’d been so desperately wanting. 听到你终于获得了梦寐已久的升迁，我感到非常激动。
A: ♣近  arouse, charge, electrify, excite, exhilarate, galvanize, intoxicate, provoke, stimulate, titillate, pump up
A: ♣反  bore, jade, pall, tire, weary 使厌倦
A: ♣派  thrilling adj. 刺激的；thriller n. 恐怖电影

Q:throng  [θrɔŋ]
A: ♠考法1  vi./n. 大量聚集： to crowd together in great numbers
A: ♣例  commuters thronging the MTR platform 持月票的乘客拥向地铁站
A: ♣近  flock, mob, swarm

Q:thwart  [θwɔ:t]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 阻挠： to oppose successfully
A: ♣例  She did all she could to thwart his plans. 她竭尽所能阻挠他的计划。
A: ♣近  baffle, balk, checkmate, discomfit
A: ♣反  advance, cultivate, encourage, forward, foster, further, nurture, promote, support, aid, bolster, abet, foment, facilitate 促进，支持

Q:ticklish  ['tikliʃ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易怒的： easily offended or upset; touchy
A: ♣例  ticklish about his baldness 大家一提起他的秃头，他就暴怒♣近  huffy, tetchy, thin-skinned
A: ♣反  imperturbable 镇静的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 棘手的，对技巧要求高的： requiring exceptional skill or caution in performance or handling
A: ♣例  Trying to tell him that his zipper is down without embarrassing him will be a ticklish task. 如何体面得体地提醒他拉链没关好是一个技巧活儿。
A: ♣近  catchy, delicate, difficult, dodgy, knotty, prickly, problematic, sensitive, spiny, sticky, thorny, touchy, tough, tricksy

Q:tiff  [tif]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 小争吵： a petty quarrel
A: ♣例  got into a little tiff about what color sheets to buy for their bed 对于买什么颜色的床单争吵
A: ♣近  altercate, bicker, brabble, hassle, quarrel, quibble, row, scrap, spat, squabble

Q:tightfisted  ['tait'fistid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 吝啬的： close-fisted; stingy
A: ♣例  The company is pretty tightfisted when it comes to bonuses. 这个公司分红的时候很吝啬。
A: ♣近  mean, miserly, parsimonious, penurious, sparing, stinting
A: ♣反  bounteous, bountiful, charitable, freehanded, generous, liberal, munificent, openhanded, unsparing, unstinting 慷慨大方的

Q:timely  ['taimli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 及时的，无拖延的： done, carried out, or given without delay
A: ♣例  When I order a pizza, I expect it to be delivered in a timely manner. 当我在外面点了披萨饼，我就希望它能按时送到。
A: ♣近  immediate, punctual, speedy
A: ♣反  belated, late, tardy 迟到的，延迟的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 恰到好处的，合乎适宜的： appropriate or adapted to the times or the occasion
A: ♣例  Timely invitation to lunch that came just as I was starting to feel hungry. 正当我开始感到饥饿的时候，就有人适时地邀请我吃午饭了。
A: ♣近  opportune, seasonable, well-timed
A: ♣反  inopportune, unseasonable, untimely 不合时宜的

Q:timeworn  ['taimwɔ:n]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 陈腐的： hackneyed, stale
A: ♣例  timeworn jokes 老掉牙的笑话
A: ♣近  banal, cliché, commonplace, hackneyed, stereotyped, threadbare, trite
A: ♣反  fresh, new, novel, original, unclichéd, unhackneyed 新奇的

Q:timid  ['timid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 胆小的，不自信的： lacking in courage or self-confidence
A: ♣例  He gave her a timid smile. 他给了她一个羞赧的微笑。
A: ♣近  fainthearted, fearsome, scary, timorous, tremulous
A: ♣反  stalwart, adventurous, audacious, bold, daring, dashing, gutsy, venturous 坚定勇敢的

Q:timorous  ['timərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 胆小的： of a timid disposition: fearful
A: ♣例  be as timorous as a rabbit 像兔子一样胆小
A: ♣近  timid, undaring, quailing, recoiling, scary, skittish
A: ♣反  stalwart, intrepid, adventurous, audacious, bold, daring, dashing, gutsy, venturous 大胆的

Q:tinge  [tindʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 给…着上少量的色彩： to color with a slight shade or stain; tint
A: ♣例  just slightly tinge the frosting with yellow food coloring to give it a lemony look 略微在霜糖表面加一点黄色色素，有一点柠檬的感觉就可以了
A: ♣近  dye, pigment, stain, tincture, tint
A: ♣反  suffuse, decolorize 遍染，使脱色

Q:tinker  ['tiŋkə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 乱修，乱调整： to handle thoughtlessly, ignorantly, or mischievously
A: ♣例  tinkering with the engine 胡乱调整发动机
A: ♣近  diddle with, fiddle with, fool with, mess with, toy with, twiddle with
A: ♣反  adjust, repair 调整，修理

Q:tint  [tint]
A: ♠考法1  v. 涂浅色，微染： apply a usually slight or pale coloration to
A: ♣例  tint with only one color 只用一种颜色染色
A: ♣近  dye, pigment, stain, tincture, tinge
A: ♣反  suffuse, decolorize 遍染，使脱色

Q:tirade  [tai'reid]
A: ♠考法1  n. 长篇抨击性演讲： a long angry or violent speech, usually of a censorious or denunciatory nature; a diatribe
A: ♣例  a tirade of angry protest 一个表达愤怒的抗议的长篇抨击性演讲
A: ♣近  harangue, diatribe, jeremiad, philippic, rant
A: ♣反  eulogy, encomium, panegyric, tribute 颂词

Q:toady  ['təudi]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 马屁精，拍马屁： one who flatters in the hope of gaining favors
A: ♣例  He criticized that I was a toady. 他批评说我是一个马屁精。
A: ♣近  sycophant, groveler, flatterer

Q:tonic  ['tɔnik]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 滋补的，有益健康的： producing or stimulating physical, mental, or emotional vigor; beneficial to the health of body or mind
A: ♣例  tonic medicine 补药
A: ♣近  medicinal, restorative, salubrious, salutary, salutiferous, sanative, wholesome
A: ♣反  insalubrious, noxious, unhealthful, unhealthy, unwholesome 不健康的

Q:topsy-turvy  [,tɔpsi'tə:vi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 混乱的，不整洁的： lacking in order, neatness, and often cleanliness; totally disordered
A: ♣例  The office is still topsy-turvy even though we moved in months ago. 尽管我们上个月就搬了进来，办公室还是混乱不堪。‖turning our ordered life topsy-turvy 把原本有序的生活彻底打乱
A: ♣近  chaotic, confused, disarranged, disarrayed, disheveled, disorderly, jumbled, messed, rumpled, sloppy, unkempt, untidy
A: ♣反  bandbox, crisp, kempt, neat, orderly, organized, shipshape, tidy, trim, well-ordered 整洁的，有序的

Q:torpid  ['tɔ:pid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 麻木的，没有知觉的： lacking in sensation or feeling
A: ♣例  My tongue and throat remained torpid for a time following the endoscopy. 胃镜检查之后，我的舌头和喉咙一直是麻木的。
A: ♣近  asleep, benumbed, dead, insensitive, numbed, unfeeling
A: ♣反  feeling, sensible, sensitive
A: ♠考法2  adj. 迟钝的，行动迟缓的： slow to move or act
A: ♣例  a torpid sloth that refused to budge off its tree branch 趴在树枝上一动不动的树獭
A: ♣近  dull, inert, lethargic, quiescent, sleepy, sluggish, torpid
A: ♣反  active 活跃的

Q:torpor  ['tɔ:pə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 缺乏兴趣： lack of interest or concern
A: ♣例  After a lifetime of setbacks, defeats, and failures, he could only greet the latest bad news with a resigned fatalism and dull torpor. 一生都充满了挫折、失败，他只能用宿命论和麻木不仁来迎接又一次的坏消息。
A: ♣近  apathy, casualness, complacence, disinterestedness, disregard, incuriosity, insouciance, nonchalance
A: ♣反  concern, interest, regard 有兴趣
A: ♠考法2  n. （肉体或精神上的）迟钝： physical or mental inertness
A: ♣例  Following Thanksgiving dinner, we spent the rest of the day lounging about in a contented torpor. 吃完感恩节晚餐后，我们慵懒地靠在沙发上打发剩下的时间。
A: ♣近  languor, lassitude, listlessness, stupor
A: ♣反  vigor, vim, vitality, vivacity 活力

Q:torrential  [tɔ'renʃəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 急流的： caused by or resulting from action of rapid streams
A: ♣例  a torrential rain 倾盆大雨
A: ♣反  trickling 涓涓细流的

Q:torrid  ['tɔrid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 酷热的： intensely hot
A: ♣例  the dry, torrid summers in southern Arizona 南亚利桑那州干燥、炎热的夏天
A: ♣近  hot, scalding, scorching, sweltering
A: ♣反  arctic, bone-chilling, freezing, frigid, frozen, glacial, icy 寒冷的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 热情的，情感深厚的： having or expressing great depth of feeling
A: ♣例  torrid love affair 炙热的爱
A: ♣近  ardent, burning, fervid, flaming, glowing, impassioned, incandescent, intense, passionate, vehement
A: ♣反  dispassionate, emotionless, impassive, unemotional 冷漠的

Q:tortuous  ['tɔ:tjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 转弯抹角的： marked by devious or indirect tactics: crooked, tricky
A: ♣例  a tortuous path 一条蜿蜒的道路
A: ♣近  bending, curling, curvy, devious, serpentine, sinuous, twisted, windy
A: ♣反  direct, straightforward 直接的

Q:tout  [taut]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 极力赞扬： to promote or praise energetically; publicize
A: ♣例  to tout victory in the war 鼓吹战果
A: ♣近  acclaim, laud, praise, ballyhoo, tout
A: ♣反  asperse, censure, denounce, berate, rate, revile, vituperate 指责

Q:toy  [tɔi]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 草率或不认真地对待： to handle thoughtlessly, ignorantly, or mischievously
A: ♣例  That microscope is a delicate instrument, not something to be toyed with. 那个显微镜是精密仪器，不是随随便便的一个玩具。
A: ♣近  diddle with, fiddle with, fool with, mess with, monkey with, tinker with, twiddle with

Q:tractable  ['træktəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易驾驭的，温顺的： readily giving in to the command or authority of another
A: ♣例  a tractable horse 一匹温顺的马
A: ♣近  obedient, amenable, docile, flexible, manageable, compliant, submissive, tame
A: ♣反  balky, contumacious, defiant, disobedient, incompliant, insubordinate, obstreperous, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, restive, unamenable, ungovernable, unruly, untoward, wayward, willful 任性的，难以驯服的

Q:tranquility  [træŋ'kwiləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 宁静，淡定： a state of freedom from storm or disturbance
A: ♣例  enjoyed the tranquillity of the snow-covered field at dusk 享受傍晚时分被雪覆盖的田野的静谧
A: ♣近  calm, quiet, silence, serenity
A: ♣反  bustle, commotion, hubbub, pandemonium, tumult, turmoil, unquietness, unrest, uproar 喧闹，骚乱

Q:transcend  [træn'send]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 超越，超过极限： to rise above or go beyond the limits of
A: ♣例  a person who believes that any true understanding of God transcends human intelligence 认为对上帝的真正理解是超越人类智商极限的人
A: ♣近  break, outreach, outrun, overpass, overreach, overrun, overshoot, overstep, surpass

Q:transfigure  [træns'fiɡə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 改变外观： to alter the outward appearance of; transform
A: ♣例  transfigure the AutoCAD drawings with elegant symbols 用优美的符号使AutoCAD图变得美观
A: ♣近  alchemize, metamorphose, transform, transmute, transpose, transubstantiate, make over

Q:transgress  [træns'ɡres]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 违背，犯错： to fail to keep; to commit an offense
A: ♣例  don't even think about transgressing the drug laws of that Asian country, for punishments are severe and there's nothing that our government can do to intervene 别指望违背亚洲国家的药品相关法，因为惩罚非常严厉，政府会尽全力干涉
A: ♣近  breach, break, contravene, fracture, infringe, offend, traduce
A: ♣反  follow, mind, obey, observe, comply with, conform to 遵守

Q:transient  ['trænziənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 短暂的，瞬时的： passing with time; transitory
A: ♣例  transient pleasure 短暂的快乐
A: ♣近  transitory, ephemeral, evanescent, fleeting, temporary
A: ♣反  ceaseless, dateless, deathless, endless, enduring, eternal, everlasting, immortal, lasting, long-lived, permanent, perpetual, timeless, undying, unending 永恒持久的

Q:transitory  ['trænsitəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 短暂的： existing or lasting only a short time; short-lived or temporary
A: ♣例  most of life’s joys are transitory 尘世间的欢乐都是过眼烟云，转瞬即逝
A: ♣近  transient, ephemeral, evanescent, fleeting, temporary
A: ♣反  ceaseless, dateless, deathless, endless, enduring, eternal, everlasting, immortal, lasting, long-lived, permanent, perpetual, timeless, undying, unending

Q:translucent  [trænz'lju:sənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 透明的： permitting the passage of light: clear, transparent
A: ♣例  translucent dewdrop 透明的露珠
A: ♣近  transparent, limpid, pellucid, lucent, lucid, transpicuous
A: ♣反  opaque 不透明的

Q:transparent  [træns'pærənt]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 透明的： capable of transmitting light
A: ♣近  translucent, limpid, pellucid, lucent, lucid, transpicuous
A: ♣反  cloudy, opaque 不透明的
A: ♠考法2 adj. 没有歧义，清晰易懂的： not subject to misinterpretation or more than one interpretation
A: ♣例  His meaning in leaving the conversation is transparent: he doesn't want to talk about his combat experiences. 他结束这个话题的意图很明显：不想谈论当年参战的事。
A: ♣近  obvious, clear, apparent, patent, understandable, apprehensible, comprehendible, fathomable
A: ♣反  ambiguous, clouded, cryptic, enigmatic, equivocal, indistinct, mysterious, obfuscated, obscure, unapparent, unclarified, unclear, unclouded 难以理解的

Q:travail  ['træveil]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 辛苦劳动： work, especially when arduous or involving painful effort
A: ♣例  writer’s literary travail 作家辛勤的文学创作 || Labor Day is the day on which we recognize those men and women who daily travail with little appreciation or compensation. 劳动节是我们向那些平日辛勤劳作但是很少受到大家关注和补偿的工人致敬的日子。
A: ♣近  drudgery, fatigue, grind

Q:traverse  ['trævəs]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 横穿： to travel or pass across, over, or through
A: ♣例  The spider traversed the wall from end to end. 蜘蛛侠攀岩走壁。
A: ♣近  course, cover, cross, cut across, navigate, pass over, perambulate, peregrinate, proceed along, transit, travel

Q:travesty  ['trævisti]
A: ♠考法1  n./v. 拙劣的、嘲弄性模仿： an exaggerated or grotesque imitation, such as a parody of a literary work
A: ♣例  a travesty of his classmate’s manner 滑稽的模仿其他同学的举止
A: ♣近  caricature, burlesque, parody, spoof, mock
A: ♣反  paragon 完美的模范

Q:treacherous  ['tretʃərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 背叛的： marked by betrayal of fidelity, confidence, or trust
A: ♣例  a treacherous ally 不忠的盟友
A: ♣近  faithless, disloyal, perfidious, recreant, traitorous, unfaithful, unloyal, betraying
A: ♣反  constant, dedicated, devoted, staunch, down-the-line, faithful, fast, loyal, steadfast, steady, true 忠诚的

Q:trenchant  ['trentʃənt]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 锐利的： keen, sharp
A: ♣例  Even the most trenchant sword could not sever the bonds of loyalty between them. 即使最锋利的刀剑也不能切断他们的忠诚。
A: ♣近  keen, sharp
A: ♣反  blunt, blunted, dull, obtuse 钝的
A: ♠考法2 adj. （言辞）一针见血的： vigorously effective and articulate
A: ♣例  trenchant criticisms 一针见血的批评
A: ♣近  incisive
A: ♣反  vague 含糊的

Q:trepidation  [,trepideiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 恐惧，战栗： the emotion experienced in the presence or threat of danger; apprehension
A: ♣例  trepidation about starting a new career 对开创一项新事业而感到恐惧
A: ♣近  fear, fright, horror, apprehension
A: ♣反  boldness, bravery, dauntlessness, intrepidity 大胆

Q:trespass  ['trespəs]
A: ♠考法1 vi. 非法侵入，违反： to commit an offense
A: ♣例  I consider him to be trespassing against all of us when he trespasses against any one of us. 当他冒犯我们当中一个人的时候，他就冒犯了我们全部
A: ♣近  transgress, invade, intrude
A: ♣反  withdraw, retreat 撤退

Q:tribute  ['tribju:t]
A: ♠考法1  n. 颂词： a gift, payment, declaration, or other acknowledgment of gratitude, respect, or admiration
A: ♣例  pay a high tribute to… 赞颂
A: ♣近  accolade, eulogy, encomium, panegyric, tribute 颂词
A: ♣反  denunciation, condemnation, criticism, censure, reproof, reprobation 批评，指责

Q:trickle  ['trikl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 一滴滴地流，徐徐地流： to issue or fall in drops
A: ♣例  Tears trickled down her cheeks. 眼泪从她的脸上一滴一滴地流下。
A: ♣反  pour, roll, stream, gush 喷涌

Q:trifle  ['traifl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不重要的事： something of little importance or value
A: ♣例  Let us not speak of trifles when our nation may be going to war. 战事在即，我们还是先放下这些琐事吧。
A: ♣近  bagatelle, frippery, triviality
A: ♠考法2  vi. 不正经地对待，玩弄： to behave amorously without serious intent
A: ♣例  Do not trifle with me unless you mean to ask me to marry you. 如果你不是真心想和我结婚，就请不要来玩弄我的感情。
A: ♣近  coquet, dally, flirt, frivol, toy
A: ♣派  trifling adj. 不重要的

Q:trifling  ['traifliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 细微的，不重要的： lacking in significance or solid worth
A: ♣例  Deciding what you want to do for a living is no trifling matter. 决定维持生计的行当可不是一件小事。‖trifling differences between the theatrical and DVD versions of the movie 影院版和DVD版电影当中的细微区别
A: ♣近  frivolous, inconsequential, inconsiderable, insignificant, minor, minute, negligible, nugatory, slight, trivial
A: ♣反  consequential, eventful, important, meaningful, momentous, significant, substantial, weighty 重要的

Q:trite  [trait]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 陈腐的，陈词滥调的： hackneyed or boring from much use, not fresh or original
A: ♣例  “You win some, you lose some” is a trite expression. “有得必有失”是老生常谈了。
A: ♣近  bathetic, cliché, hackneyed, threadbare, timeworn, banal
A: ♣反  fresh, new, novel, original, unclichéd, unhackneyed 新鲜的

Q:trivial  ['triviəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 琐碎的，无足轻重的： of little worth or importance
A: ♣例  why spend so much time on trivial decisions, like whether the cola should be regular or diet? 为什么花这么多时间在这种琐碎的决定上，比如可乐要喝一般的还是健怡？
A: ♣近  inconsiderable, insignificant, minor, petty, inconsequential, paltry, trifling
A: ♣反  consequential, material, momentous, weighty, indispensable, substantive, grandiose, massive 重要的

Q:truant  ['tru:ənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj./ n./ vi. 逃避责任的： shirking responsibility; one who shirks duty
A: ♣例  play truant 逃学
A: ♣近  shirk, malinger, goldbrick, avoid, escape, evade, parry, sidestep, circumvent, fence, hedge, avert, elude, shun, skirt, dodge, bilk, eschew
A: ♣反  dutiful 尽职尽责的

Q:truce  [tru:s]
A: ♠考法1  n. 休战，休战协定： a suspension of fighting especially of considerable duration by agreement of opposing forces
A: ♣例  truce agreement 休战协议
A: ♣近  armistice, cease-fire, peace

Q:truculent  ['trʌkjulənt]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 尖酸刻薄的： marked by harsh insulting language
A: ♣例  a theater critic who was notorious for his titanically truculent reviews 一个以超大量尖酸刻薄言论著称的话剧评论家
A: ♣近  contumelious, invective, opprobrious, scurrilous, vitriolic, vituperative
A: ♠考法2 adj. 好战的： feeling or displaying eagerness to fight
A: ♣例  in an aggressively truculent manner 以好战的，进攻性的方式
A: ♣近  belligerent, bellicose, combative, militant, aggressive, feisty
A: ♣反  nonaggressive, nonbelligerent, pacific, peaceable, peaceful, uncombative, uncontentious 好和平的

Q:trudge  [trʌdʒ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 吃力而笨拙地走： to move heavily or clumsily
A: ♣例  trudge over hill 翻山越岭
A: ♣近  plod, lug, slog, flounder
A: ♣反  breeze, glide, slide, waltz, whisk, flit 快速通过

Q:trumpet  ['trʌmpit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 大声说出或宣告： to make known openly or publicly
A: ♣例  The losing party lost no time in trumpeting allegations of election fraud. 落败的政党马不停蹄地开始公开宣称选举存在作假。
A: ♣近  advertise, annunciate, blare, broadcast, declare, proclaim, promulgate, release, give out

Q:truncate  ['trʌŋkeit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 截短（时间，程度）： to shorten by or as if by cutting off
A: ♣例  a truncated version of the 11 o'clock newscast followed the awards show, which ran over its time slot 颁奖典礼之后缩短版的11点新闻节目，已经超出了预定时长
A: ♣近  abbreviate, abridge, curtail, retrench
A: ♣反  elongate, extend, lengthen, prolong, protract 延长

Q:truss  [trʌs]
A: ♠考法1  v. 系紧，扎紧： to gather into a tight mass by means of a line or cord
A: ♣例  After stuffing the turkey, the chef quickly trussed it so the forcemeat wouldn't fall out during roasting. 把填料塞进火鸡后，大厨迅速把它扎紧防止在烘烤过程中肉馅掉出来。
A: ♣近  band, bind
A: ♣反  unbind, untie 解开

Q:tumult  ['tju:mʌlt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骚动，暴动： a disorderly commotion or disturbance, a riot
A: ♣例  His mind was in a tumult. 他心烦意乱。
A: ♣近  disorder, disturbance, commotion, convulsion, ferment, turmoil, pandemonium, uproar
A: ♣反  quietude, quiescence, serenity, tranquility 安静

Q:turbid  ['tə:bid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 混浊的： deficient in clarity or purity
A: ♣例  a turbid stream 一条混浊的河
A: ♣近  muddy, murky, obscure
A: ♣反  clear , limpid, lucid, pellucid, , crystalline 清澈的

Q:turbulent  ['tə:bjulənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 动荡的： marked by sudden or violent disturbance
A: ♣例  a turbulent period in history 历史上动荡时期
A: ♣近  cataclysmal, stormy, tempestuous, tumultuous
A: ♠考法2  adj. 湍急的，汹涌的： marked by turmoil or disturbance especially of natural elements
A: ♣例  the turbulent rapids of the river were certainly daunting to those of us who were new to river rafting 湍急的流水必定让那些初玩漂流的人们吓得不轻
A: ♣近  rough, rugged, stormy, tempestuous

Q:turgid  ['tə:dʒid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 浮夸的，过分装饰的： excessively embellished in style or language
A: ♣例  turgid prose 浮华的散文
A: ♣近  flatulent, bombastic, pompous
A: ♣反  simple, austere, unadorned, undecorated, unembellished 简朴的

Q:turmoil  ['tə:mɔil]
A: ♠考法1  n. 骚动，混乱： a state or condition of extreme confusion, agitation, or commotion
A: ♣例  My mind is in a turmoil. 我心里很乱。
A: ♣近  commotion, agitation, tumult, turbulence, disorder, ferment, clamor
A: ♣反  calm, ease, peace, peacefulness, quiet, tranquility, silence, serenity 安静

Q:turncoat  ['tə:nkəut]
A: ♠考法1  n. 叛徒： one who switches to an opposing side or party; specifically: traitor
A: ♣例  He was labeled as a turncoat. 他是一个叛徒。
A: ♣近  renegade, traitor, apostate, recreant, betrayer, quisling
A: ♣反  loyalist, partisan, adherent, supporter 支持者，追随者

Q:turpitude  ['tə:pitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 卑鄙： inherent baseness: depravity
A: ♣例  moral turpitude 道德上的卑鄙行为
A: ♣近  abjection, corruptness, debasement, debauchery, decadency, degeneration, degradation, demoralization, depravity, dissipatedness, dissoluteness, libertinism, perversion, rakishness
A: ♣反  probity 正直

Q:twig  [twiɡ]
A: ♠考法1  v. 了解： to have a clear idea of
A: ♣例  It took me a while to twig the true nature of the relationship between the two women. 我花了很久时间才搞清楚这俩女人之间的关系。
A: ♣近  appreciate, apprehend, cognize, compass, conceive, decipher, decode, dig, discern, perceive, recognize, savvy, seize, sense, tumble to, catch on to, make out

Q:tycoon  [tai'ku:n]
A: ♠考法1  n. 大亨，巨头： a person of rank, power, or influence in a particular field
A: ♣例  an oil tycoon who's widely considered the most powerful man in the county 被认为是郡上最有势力的一个石油大亨‖The automobile tycoon is on the verge of bankruptcy. 汽车巨头濒临破产的边缘。
A: ♣近  baron, captain, king, lion, lord, magnate, mogul, monarch, prince
A: ♣反  nobody, nothing, zero 不起眼的人物

Q:typo  ['taipəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 打字错误： an error in typed or typeset material
A: ♣例  make one typo on the memo 在样张上打错一个字
A: ♣近  misprint, bug

Q:tyrant  ['tairənt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 暴君： a ruler who exercises absolute power oppressively or brutally
A: ♣例  The people universally feared the tyrant, who was notorious for his frequent use of torture. 人们非常恐惧这个暴君，因为他有着经常折磨犯人的臭名。
A: ♣近  dictator, oppressor, pharaoh, strongman
A: ♣派  tyranny n. 暴政，苛政

Q:tyro  ['taiərəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 新手，业余爱好者： a beginner in learning: novice
A: ♣例  a tyro in the art of piano 钢琴界的新手
A: ♣近  novice, apprentice, neophyte, rookie, amateur, dabbler, dilettante, fledgling, recruit
A: ♣反  old hand, old-timer, vet, expert, professional, veteran 专家

Q:ubiquitous  [ju:'bikwitəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无所不在的，普通的： being everywhere at the same time; often observed or encountered
A: ♣例  The conflict between opposites is ubiquitous. 对立的冲突无所不在。
A: ♣近  omnipresent, universal, general, common
A: ♣反  extraordinary, infrequent, rare, seldom, uncommon, unfamiliar, unusual, unique, particular 独特的，不常见的

Q:umbrage  ['ʌmbridʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不悦，生气： the feeling of being offended or resentful after a slight or indignity
A: ♣例  He would take umbrage at the slightest suggestion of disrespect. 哪怕是一点点的不敬也会让他不悦。
A: ♣近  dudgeon, huff, miff, offense, peeve, resentment
A: ♣反  contentment, delight, gratification, happiness, pleasure 满意，高兴

Q:unanimous  [ju:'næniməs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 一致同意的： having the agreement and consent of all
A: ♣例  a unanimous vote to upgrade the school’s computer facilities 一致同意对学校的计算机设备进行升级
A: ♣近  consentaneous, uncontested
A: ♣派  unanimity n. 一致同意

Q:unassailable  [,ʌnə'seiləbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无可争辩的，无法否认的，不可亵渎的： not to be violated, criticized, or tampered with
A: ♣例  an unassailable article 无可争辩的文章
A: ♣近  undeniable, inviolable, sacrosanct , irrefutable, indisputable, unexceptionable, unimpeachable
A: ♣反  controversial 有争议的

Q:unavailing  [,ʌnə'veiliŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 徒劳的，无果的： producing no results
A: ♣例  an unavailing effort to avert a war 试图避免战争的徒劳尝试
A: ♣近  abortive, barren, bootless, fruitless, ineffectual, unproductive, unprofitable, unsuccessful, useless, vain
A: ♣反  effective, effectual, efficacious, fruitful, potent, productive 有效的；successful 成功的

Q:uncanny  [,ʌn'kæni]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 离奇的，奇异的： being so extraordinary or abnormal as to suggest powers which violate the laws of nature
A: ♣例  The silence was uncanny. 静得出奇
A: ♣近  magical, miraculous, phenomenal, preternatural, superhuman, supernormal, transcendent, transcendental, uncanny, unearthly
A: ♣反  ordinary, commonplace, normal 平凡的

Q:uncouth  [,ʌn'ku:θ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗俗的，没有品位的： lacking in refinement or good taste
A: ♣例  the movie's uncouth humor seemed to be purposely offensive 电影里一些恶俗的幽默貌似是故意的
A: ♣近  crass, rude, discourteous, disgracious, ungraceful, crude, ill-bred, ill-mannered, uncivil, unrefined
A: ♣反  genteel, cultivated, cultured, polished, urbane, seemly 得体的，有教养的

Q:unctuous  ['ʌŋktjuəs]
A: ♠考法1 adj. 油嘴滑舌的，谄媚的： overly or insincerely flattering
A: ♣例  an unctuous appraisal of the musical talent shown by the boss's daughter 拍老板马屁，说他女儿音乐剧的才能非常卓越
A: ♣近  adulatory, gushing, hagiographic, oily, oleaginous, soapy
A: ♠考法2  adj. 夸张的，做作的： characterized by affected, exaggerated, or insincere earnestness
A: ♣例  an unctuous effort to appear religious to the voters 过分做作想在选民面前表现地虔诚
A: ♣近  artificial, backhanded, counterfeit, fake, feigned, hypocritical, phony, pretended
A: ♣反  artless, candid, genuine, heartfelt, honest, sincere, undesigning, unfeigned 真实的

Q:underdog  ['ʌndədɔɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 受害者，输家： a loser/ victim or predicted loser in a struggle or contest
A: ♣例  She always supports for the underdog. 她经常支持受害者。
A: ♣近  loser, victim
A: ♣反  bully 欺凌弱小者

Q:undergird  [,ʌndə'ɡə:d]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 加强，巩固…的底部： to support or strengthen from beneath
A: ♣例  facts and statistics undergird his commentary 事实和数据支持了他的评论
A: ♣近  strengthen, support, fortify, reinforce, bear, bolster, brace, buttress, carry, stay, sustain, underpin, uphold, prop up, shore up
A: ♣反  undermine, weaken, debilitate, enfeeble, enervate 削弱

Q:undermine  [,ʌndə'main]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 削弱，破坏： to weaken, injure, or impair, often by degrees or imperceptibly
A: ♣例  undermine a fortress 挖地道破坏堡垒
A: ♣近  undermine, weaken, debilitate, enfeeble, enervate
A: ♣反  strengthen, support, fortify, reinforce 加强

Q:underscore  [,ʌndə'skɔ:]
A: ♠考法1 vt. 强调： to emphasize; stress
A: ♣例  underscore the value of education 强调教育的重要性
A: ♣近  accentuate, italicize, stress, underline, bring out
A: ♣反  deemphasize, downplay 轻描淡写

Q:understate  [,ʌndə'steit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 保守陈述： to state or present with restraint especially for effect
A: ♣例  understate a problem 低调处理问题
A: ♣近  downplay
A: ♣反  vaunt, exaggerate, overstate 夸大
A: ♣派  understated adj. 朴素的： avoiding obvious emphasis or embellishment
A: ♣近  conservative, low-key, muted, repressed, restrained, sober, subdued, unflashy, unpretentious
A: ♣反  flamboyant, flaring, flashy, garish, gaudy, glitzy, ostentatious, splashy 夸张的，华丽的

Q:understudy  ['ʌndə,stʌdi]
A: ♠考法1  n. 替补演员： one who is prepared to act another's part or take over another's duties
A: ♣例  be an understudy to sb 作为某人的替补
A: ♣近  deputy

Q:unexceptionable  [,ʌnik'sepʃənəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无懈可击的： not open to objection or criticism, beyond reproach
A: ♣近  unassailable, undeniable, irrefutable, indisputable, unexceptionable, unimpeachable
A: ♣反  assailable, controversial 有争议的

Q:unflappable  [,ʌn'flæpəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 镇定的，从容不迫的： not easily upset or excited
A: ♣例  a unflappable general 一个镇定的将军
A: ♣近  collected, composed, disimpassioned, imperturbable
A: ♣反  perturbable, shakable, disturbed, nervous 紧张的

Q:ungainly  [,ʌn'ɡeinli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 笨拙的，不雅的： having or showing an inability to move in a graceful manner
A: ♣例  ungainly movements 笨拙的动作
A: ♣近  clumsy, awkward, blundering, maladroit
A: ♣反  coordinated, graceful, adroit, dexterous, lissome 协调的，灵巧的

Q:unimpeachable  [,ʌnim'pi:tʃəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无可置疑的： beyond doubt; unquestionable
A: ♣例  An unimpeachable evidence 无可置疑的证据
A: ♣近  unassailable, undeniable, irrefutable, indisputable, unexceptionable, unimpeachable
A: ♣反  assailable, controversial, open to question 可争辩的

Q:unkempt  [,ʌn'kempt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 凌乱的，无序的： lacking in order, neatness, and often cleanliness
A: ♣例  unkempt hotel rooms 凌乱的酒店房间
A: ♣近  slovenly, slipshod, sloppy, unneat, untidy, topsy-turvy, jumbled
A: ♣反  bandbox, neat, orderly, organized, shipshape, tidy, trim, uncluttered, well-ordered 有序的，井井有条的

Q:unlettered  [,ʌn'letəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 未受教育的，文盲的： not adept at reading and writing; deficient in the knowledge that can be acquired from books. illiterate
A: ♣例  unlettered sector of society 未受教育的地区
A: ♣近  ignorant, illiterate, uneducated, untutored
A: ♣反  educated, knowledgeable, erudite, literate, schooled, well-informed, well-read 博学的，受过教育的

Q:unpretentious  [,ʌnpri'tenʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 低调的，谦逊的： lacking pretension or affectation; modest
A: ♣例  an unpretentious virtuoso 一位谦虚的大师
A: ♣近  demure, down-to-earth, lowly, meek, unassuming, humble, modest, unostentatious
A: ♣反  arrogant, bumptious, conceited, egotistic, fastuous, haughty, imperious, lordly, overweening, peremptory, pompous, presuming, presumptuous, self-asserting, supercilious, superior, toplofty, uppish, flamboyant, ostentatious 傲慢的，自负的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 坦诚的，自然的： free from any intent to deceive or impress others
A: ♣例  a simple and unpretentious account about growing up in the rural South 一段简单坦率的关于在南部乡村成长经历的叙述
A: ♣近  artless, genuine, honest, ingenuous, innocent, naive, simple, sincere, true, unpretending
A: ♣反  affected, artful, artificial, assuming, dissembling, dissimulating, fake, guileful, insincere, phony 做作的，虚伪的

Q:unproductive  [,ʌnprə'dʌktiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 徒然的，无效的： not productive; idle
A: ♣例  her attempts to write a novel have been unproductive 她一直想写本小说的努力只是徒然
A: ♣近  abortive, barren, fruitless, otiose, profitless, unavailing, unprofitable, unsuccessful, useless, vain
A: ♣反  deadly, effective, effectual, efficacious, efficient, potent, productive, profitable, successful, virtuous, telling 有效的

Q:unremitting  [,ʌnri'mitiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 连续不断的： going on and on without any interruptions
A: ♣例  Unremitting rain lasted for six days. 连续下了六天的雨。
A: ♣近  ceaseless, continual, continuing, incessant, nonstop, perpetual, unbroken, uninterrupted
A: ♣反  discontinuous, intermittent 不连续的，有间断的

Q:unrequited  [,ʌnri'kwaitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无报答的，无报酬的： not reciprocated or returned in kind
A: ♣例  unrequited love 无报答的爱
A: ♣近  unreciprocated
A: ♣反  remunerative, gainful, lucrative, profitable 有报酬的

Q:unruly  [,ʌn'ru:li]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 难驾驭的，不守规矩的： difficult or impossible to discipline, control, or rule.
A: ♣例  an unruly child 一个不听话的孩子
A: ♣近  indocile, indomitable, intractable, recalcitrant, uncontrollable, undisciplined, ungovernable, unmanageable, insubordinate
A: ♣反  amenable, biddable, compliant, conformable, docile, obedient, submissive, tractable, subdued, mild, manageable, disciplined 顺从的，守纪律的

Q:untenable  [,ʌn'tenəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 防守不住的，站不住脚的： not able to be defended
A: ♣例  an untenable position 一个站不住脚的立场
A: ♣近  assailable, controversial, open to question 可质疑的
A: ♣反  unassailable, undeniable, irrefutable, indisputable, unexceptionable, unimpeachable 无可指责的，无懈可击的

Q:untold  [,ʌn'təuld]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 数不清的，无数的： too great or numerous to count
A: ♣例  untold wealth 不知其数的财富
A: ♣近  incalculable, innumerable, countless, innumerous, uncountable, uncounted
A: ♣反  countable, enumerable, numberable, quantifiable, calculable 可以计算的

Q:untoward  [,ʌntə'wɔ:d]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 倒霉的，不吉利的： not favorable, unpropitious
A: ♣例  an untoward incident 不幸的事故
A: ♣近  unpropitious, unlucky, misfortunate, unfortunate
A: ♣反  auspicious, propitious, favorable, fortunate 吉利的，幸运的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 难以驯服的，难以驾驭的： given to resisting control or discipline by others
A: ♣例  a program for untoward teenagers that is designed to give them the kind of discipline that their parents were unable or unwilling to administer 一个以任性、桀骜不驯青少年为对象的项目，旨在弥补家长管教不周之处
A: ♣近  froward, headstrong, intractable, recalcitrant, refractory, unruly, wayward, willful
A: ♣反  controllable, governable, manageable, tractable 易管教的，顺从的

Q:unwitting  [,ʌn'witiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不知道的，未觉察的： not knowing, unaware
A: ♣例  Please forgive my unwitting interruption of your conversation. 请原谅我无意间打断了你们的谈话。
A: ♣近  unaware, ignorant
A: ♣反  acquainted, aware, cognizant, conscious, conversant, grounded, informed, knowing, mindful 有意识的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 偶然的，并非有意的： happening by chance; not intended
A: ♣例  an unwitting mistake made in copying the material 在打印过程中一个无心的过失
A: ♣近  casual, chance, fluky, fortuitous, inadvertent, incidental, unintentional
A: ♣反  calculated, deliberate, intended, intentional, planned, premeditated, prepense 故意的，蓄意的

Q:unwonted  [,ʌn'wəuntid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 不习惯的，不寻常的： not habitual or ordinary; unusual
A: ♣例  honored for the unwonted courage he showed in battle 因在战争中表现出的过人的勇气受到嘉奖
A: ♣近  uncommon, unordinary, unusual
A: ♣反  wonted, usual, routine, habitual, accustomed, customary 平常的

Q:upbraid  [ʌp'breid]
A: ♠考法1  vt.（严厉地）谴责，责骂： to reproach severely
A: ♣例  upbraid sb. with his ingratitude 责备某人忘恩负义
A: ♣近  baste, scold, revile, berate, vituperate
A: ♣反  laud, extol, glorify, hymn, magnify, panegyrize, flatter, fawn, cringe, adulate 赞扬

Q:uphold  [ʌp'həuld]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 支持，赞成： to give support to
A: ♣例  determined to uphold her views in the face of all challenges 下定决心支持她的观点，尽管全世界都反对她
A: ♣近  support, bolster, advocate, champion, endorse, espouse

Q:urbane  [ə:'bein]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 彬彬有礼的，文雅的： notably polite or finished in manner
A: ♣例  a gentlemanly and urbane host of elegant dinner parties 优雅晚宴的主人有绅士风度，彬彬有礼
A: ♣近  debonair, civilized, genteel, cultivated, cultured, polished, refined, well-bred, courteous, gracious
A: ♣反  boorish, churlish, classless, clownish, loutish, uncouth 粗鲁的

Q:usurp  [ju:'zə:p]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 篡夺，篡位： to seize and hold (the power or rights of another, for example) by force and without legal authority
A: ♣例  usurp the throne 篡夺王位
A: ♣近  arrogate, commandeer, convert, expropriate, pirate, preempt, press, seize, take over
A: ♣反  abdicate, crown 退位，授予职位

Q:utter  ['ʌtə]
A: ♠考法1 vt. 出声，说话： to articulate (words); pronounce or speak
A: ♣例  She tried not to utter a sound as the doctor gave her a flu shot. 她克制自己不在打针的时候喊出来。
A: ♣近  articulate, bring out, enunciate, verbalize, vocalize
A: ♠考法2 adj. 完全的，绝对的： complete; absolute; entire
A: ♣例  be at an utter loss what to do 完全不知道怎样才好
A: ♣近  entire, total, stark, sheer, unqualified
A: ♣反  partial 部分的

Q:vaccinate  ['væksineit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 预防接种： to inoculate with a vaccine in order to produce immunity to an infectious disease, such as diphtheria or typhus
A: ♣例  vaccinate sb. for smallpox 为某人接种牛痘疫苗以防天花
A: ♣近  immunize

Q:vacillate  ['væsileit]
A: ♠考法1 vi. 犹豫不决： to waver in mind, will, or feeling: hesitate in choice of opinions or courses
A: ♣例  Parents vacillate between saying no and yes, but actually neither response seems satisfactory to their children. 父母总是犹豫不定，不知道是该同意还是该反对，但是事实上哪种答案对他们的孩子都不理想。
A: ♣近  hesitate, dither, waver, teeter, falter
A: ♣反  resolute, decide, dive in, plunge in 决定
A: ♠考法2 vi. 摇动，摇摆： to sway from one side to the other; oscillate
A: ♣近  oscillate, fluctuate
A: ♣反  equipoise 平衡；静止

Q:vacuous  ['vækjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 茫然的，愚蠢的： marked by lack of ideas or intelligence
A: ♣例  a movie that was derided for its vacuous dialogue 一部因为对白十分愚蠢而被嘲讽的电影
A: ♣近  airhead, brainless, dull, dumb, fatuous, foolish, inane, moronic, obtuse, simple, stupid, witless
A: ♣反  apt, bright, brilliant, clever, intelligent, keen, sharp, smart 聪明的
A: ♣派  vacuity n. 空虚，空白

Q:vagary  ['veiɡəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不可预测的思想或行为： an erratic, unpredictable, or extravagant manifestation, action, or notion
A: ♣例  Recently he had been prone to strange vagaries. 最近他逐渐变得行为古怪起来。
A: ♣近  caprice, fancy, freak, humor, vagrancy, whimsy

Q:vague  [veiɡ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 表达不清的： not clearly expressed
A: ♣例  The diplomat gave as vague a reply as he could at the press conference. 外交官在记者招待会上尽其所能来含糊其辞。
A: ♣近  ambiguous, enigmatic, equivocal, indefinite, inexplicit, unclear
A: ♣反  clear, definite, express, explicit, specific 清楚明确的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 轮廓不清晰的： lacking definite shape, form, or character
A: ♣例  the vague outline of a building through the dense fog 浓雾中建筑物模糊的轮廓
A: ♣近  dim, faint, foggy, hazy, indistinct, indistinguishable, misty, murky, nebulous, obscure, opaque
A: ♣反  pellucid 清澈透明的

Q:valediction  [,væli'dikʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 告别： an act of bidding farewell
A: ♣近  farewell, goodbye
A: ♣反  greeting 欢迎；debut 初次登台，首次亮相
A: ♠考法2  n. 告别词： an address or statement of farewell or leave-taking
A: ♣例  a valediction given by the college president upon his retirement 大学校长退休时的告别演说
A: ♣派  valedictory adj. 告别的

Q:valiant  ['væljənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 勇敢的，英勇的： possessing or acting with bravery or boldness
A: ♣例  a valiant and moral knight 一个勇敢和有道德感的骑士‖Despite their valiant efforts, they lost the game. 尽管他们英勇奋战，但还是输掉了比赛。
A: ♣近  audacious, bold, brave, courageous, dauntless, fearless, gallant, intrepid, stalwart, stout, valorous
A: ♣反  cowardly, craven, gutless, nerveless, pusillanimous, spineless, timorous 胆怯的
A: ♣派  valiance n. 英勇

Q:valid  ['vælid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 逻辑上正确的： logically correct
A: ♣例  Only further experiments will show whether your theory is valid. 只有进一步的实验才能验证你的理论是否正确。‖Your argument isn't valid because you're taking what should be the conclusion and using it as a premise. 你的论述逻辑上是错误的，因为你把本该是结论的东西当成了前提条件。
A: ♣近  analytic, coherent, consequent, rational, reasonable, sensible, sound, well-founded, well-grounded
A: ♣反  groundless, illegitimate, illogical, incoherent, inconsequent, invalid, irrational, unreasonable, unsound （逻辑上）站不住脚的
A: ♣派  validity n.合乎逻辑

Q:vanquish  ['væŋkwiʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 打败，征服： to defeat in a conflict or contest
A: ♣例  vanquished his inner fear 战胜了他内心的恐惧
A: ♣近  conquer, dominate, overpower, pacify, subdue, subject, subjugate, subordinate
A: ♣反  capitulate, succor, surrender, yield 头像，屈服

Q:vapid  ['væpid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 无趣的，乏味的： lacking liveliness, animation, or interest
A: ♣例  a song with vapid lyrics 一首歌词乏味的歌曲
A: ♣近  driveling, dull, flat, inane, insipid, jejune, sapless, tasteless
A: ♣反  absorbing, arresting, engaging, engrossing, enthralling, fascinating, immersing, intriguing, riveting 吸引人的

Q:vaporize  ['veipəraiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使（液体）蒸发： to convert (as by the application of heat or by spraying) into vapor
A: ♣例  gasify
A: ♣反  condense （气体）液化
A: ♠考法2  vt. 彻底消灭： to destroy by or as if by converting into vapor
A: ♣例  The entire fleet was vaporized. 整个舰队都被消灭了。
A: ♣近  annihilate, decimate, demolish, devastate, extinguish, nuke, pulverize, raze, ruin, smash, wreck
A: ♣反  build, construct, erect, establish, raise, rear 建造
A: ♣派  vaporous adj. 模糊的，空洞的

Q:variance  ['vεəriəns]
A: ♠考法1  n. 不一致，不和谐： a lack of agreement or harmony
A: ♣例  Persistent variance within the band eventually caused it to break up. 乐团中持续不断的分歧最终导致了它的解散。
A: ♣近  conflict, disaccord, discordance, disharmony, dissent, division, friction, schism, variation, war
A: ♣反  accord, agreement, concord, concordance, harmony, peace 和谐，一致
A: ♣派  variant adj. 变体的，不同的

Q:variegated  ['vεəriəɡeitid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 杂色的，斑驳的： having discrete markings of different colors
A: ♣例  variegated costumes of the dancers in the nightclub 夜总会舞者身上色彩斑驳的服装
A: ♣近  chromatic, kaleidoscopic, iridescent, motley, rainbow
A: ♣反  monochromatic 单色的；colorless 无色的
A: ♣派  variegation n. 杂色

Q:varnish  ['vɑ:niʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 上清漆，使有光泽： to give a smooth and glossy finish to
A: ♣例  Don't sit on that chair - I've just varnished it. 不要坐在那张椅子上——我刚刚上过漆。
A: ♣近  adorn, bedeck, bedizen, decorate, embellish, garnish, ornament
A: ♠考法2  vt. 粉饰（令人不悦的东西）： to cover or conceal (as something unpleasant) with something that gives an attractive appearance
A: ♣例  She tried to varnish her mistakes. 她试图掩盖她的失误。
A: ♣近  blanch, extenuate, gloss, palliate, sugarcoat, veneer
A: ♣反  bare, disclose, discover, divulge, expose, reveal, uncloak, uncover, unmask, unveil 揭露

Q:vault  [vɔ:lt]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 跳起，跳跃： to propel oneself upward or forward into the air
A: ♣例  The horse vaulted over the obstacle with ease. 骏马轻松地跃过障碍物。
A: ♣近  bound, hop, jump, leap, spring
A: ♠考法2  vi. 一跃而至： to accomplish something as if by leaping suddenly or vigorously
A: ♣例  She vaulted into a position of wealth. 她一夜暴富。

Q:vaunt  [vɔ:nt]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 吹嘘： to speak boastfully
A: ♣例  vaunted his country’s military might 吹嘘他的国家的军事实力
A: ♣近  boast, brag, brandish, swagger
A: ♣反  belittle, deprecate, diminish, minimize, underrate, undervalue 轻视，瞧不起
A: ♣派  vaunting adj. 吹嘘的

Q:veer  [viə]
A: ♠考法1  v. 转向，改变航线： to change direction or course
A: ♣例  He veered the car abruptly to the right to avoid a collision. 他向右猛打方向盘以避免撞击
A: ♣近  avert, deviate, deflect, divert, redirect, swerve, swing, wheel
A: ♣反  straighten 直行

Q:vehement  ['vi:imənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （情感）强烈的，热情的： having or expressing great depth of feeling
A: ♣例  a vehement defender of the rights of minorities 一个立场强烈的少数民族维权者
A: ♣近  ardent, demonstrative, emotional, fervid, impassioned, intense, passionate, perfervid, torrid
A: ♣反  cold, cool, dispassionate, emotionless, impassive, unemotional 冷淡的
A: ♣派  vehemence n. 强烈

Q:venal  ['vi:nəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 容易贪污受贿的： open to corrupt influence and especially bribery
A: ♣例  a judge who is known for being venal and easily bought 一名因为贪污和容易收买而闻名的法官
A: ♣近  bribable, corruptible, dirty, purchasable
A: ♣反  incorruptible 不受贿赂的；scrupulous 正直的

Q:vendor  ['vendɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 小贩，商贩： one that sells or vends
A: ♣例  We're thinking of making a deal with that other software vendor. 我们在考虑和那个软件供应商的交易。
A: ♣近  broker, dealer, merchandiser, retailer, seller, trader
A: ♣反  buyer, consumer, purchaser 消费者

Q:veneer  [və'niə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 薄木板，用以贴在家具外面的饰面板： a thin surface layer, as of finely grained wood, glued to a base of inferior material
A: ♣近  cover, fa?ade, mask
A: ♣反  center, core, kernel 核心
A: ♠考法2  vt. 粉饰（不好的东西）： to cover over with a veneer; especially to conceal (as a defect of character) under a superficial and deceptive attractiveness
A: ♣近  blanch, extenuate, gloss, palliate, sugarcoat, varnish
A: ♣反  bare, disclose, discover, divulge, expose, reveal, uncloak, uncover, unmask, unveil 揭露

Q:venerate  ['venəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 尊敬： to regard with reverential respect or with admiring deference
A: ♣例  She is venerated by the public as a saint. 她被当作圣人，受万众景仰。
A: ♣近  adore, deify, esteem, regard, respect, revere
A: ♣反  despise, disdain, disregard, flout, scorn 轻视，蔑视
A: ♣派  veneration n. 尊敬

Q:venial  ['vi:niəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可宽恕的： easily excused or forgiven
A: ♣例  Taking the restaurant's menu as a souvenir seems like a venial offense. 把餐厅的菜单当成纪念品带走似乎是一个可以宽恕的罪行。
A: ♣近  condonable, excusable, forgivable, pardonable, remissible, remittable
A: ♣反  heinous, indefensible, inexcusable, mortal, unforgivable, unpardonable 罪大恶极的，不可饶恕的

Q:venom  ['venɔm]
A: ♠考法1  n. 毒液： poisonous matter normally secreted by some animals as snakes, scorpions, or bees
A: ♣例  an antidote to snake venom 蛇毒的解药
A: ♣近  toxic, toxin
A: ♣反  antidote 解药
A: ♠考法2  n. 恶意，恶毒的用心： the desire to cause pain for the satisfaction of doing harm
A: ♣例  She spoke of him with venom in her voice. 她的评论怀揣着恶意。
A: ♣近  despite, malevolence, maliciousness, malignance, malignity, meanness, nastiness, spite, viciousness
A: ♣反  comity, friendship, goodwill 友善

Q:veracious  [və'reiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 诚实的，说实话的： being in the habit of telling the truth
A: ♣例  a veracious witness 诚实的证人‖He has a reputation for being veracious, so people generally take his word for things. 他诚实的名声让其他人通常都相信他说的话
A: ♣近  honest, truthful
A: ♣反  dishonest, lying, mendacious, prevaricating, untruthful 说谎的，不诚实的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 精确的，准确的： precise, accurate
A: ♣例  a novel that presents a fairly veracious and unvarnished picture of the lives of affluent suburbanites 一部准确而不加修饰地描述郊区富人生活的小说
A: ♣近  accurate, exact, precise, proper, right, true
A: ♣反  false, improper, inaccurate, incorrect, inexact, untrue, wrong 不准确的
A: ♣派  veracity n. 诚实

Q:verbatim  [və:'beitim]
A: ♠考法1  adv. 逐字地，一字不差地： in the exact words
A: ♣例  You can't just copy the encyclopedia article verbatim for your report - that's plagiarism. 你不能一字不差地抄百科全书上的内容——这是剽窃。
A: ♣近  ad verbum, directly, exactly, word for word
A: ♣反  inaccurately, inexactly 不准确地
A: ♣派  verbalism n. 言辞，单词

Q:verbose  [və:'bəus]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冗长的，啰嗦的： containing more words than necessary
A: ♣例  a verbose orator 啰嗦的演讲者‖She has a verbose writing style. 她的文风很啰嗦。
A: ♣近  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, garrulous, long-winded, prolix, rambling, verbose, windy
A: ♣反  brief, compact, concise, pithy, succinct, terse 简洁的
A: ♣派  verbosity n. 冗长，啰嗦

Q:verdant  ['və:dənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （因长满植物而）翠绿的，郁郁葱葱的： green with vegetation; covered with green growth
A: ♣例  verdant fields 翠绿的田野
A: ♣近  green, grown, leafy, luxuriant, overgrown
A: ♣反  barren, impoverished, infertile, leafless, sterile 贫瘠的

Q:verify  ['verifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 校验，证实： to determine or test the truth or accuracy of, as by comparison, investigation, or reference
A: ♣例  We need to verify your passport. 我们需要校验阁下的护照。
A: ♣近  attest, authenticate, certify, corroborate, substantiate, support, validate, vindicate
A: ♣反  disprove, rebut, refute 反驳，驳斥
A: ♣派  verified adj. 经证实的；verification n. 证实

Q:verisimilar  [,veri'similə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 似乎真实的： appearing to be true or real
A: ♣例  a verisimilar tale 一个似乎为真的传奇
A: ♣近  likely, plausible, probable
A: ♣反  implausible, incredible, unbelievable 难以置信的

Q:veritable  ['veritəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 真正的，确实的： being in fact the thing named and not false, unreal, or imaginary
A: ♣例  a veritable manuscript 一份原稿
A: ♣近  authentic, credible, genuine, real, true, unquestionable, bona fide
A: ♣反  bogus, counterfeit, fake, false, mock, phony, pseudo, sham, spurious 伪造的，虚假的

Q:vernacular  [və'nækjulə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 方言： a nonstandard language or dialect of a place, region, or country
A: ♣例  phrases that occur in the common vernacular 常见方言中的词组
A: ♣近  argot, cant, dialect, jargon, lingo, slang
A: ♠考法2  adj. 非正式的，口头的： used in or suitable for speech and not formal writing
A: ♣例  writes essays in a very easy-to-read, vernacular style 用一种易懂的口头化风格写作
A: ♣近  conversational, informal, nonliterary, vulgar
A: ♣反  bookish, formal, learned, literary 书面的，正式的

Q:versatile  ['və:sətail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多才多艺的，全能的： able to do many different kinds of things
A: ♣例  We have found a versatile baseball player who can play any position. 我们发现了一个能打任何位置的全能型球员。
A: ♣近  adaptable, all-around, ambidextrous, protean, universal
A: ♣反  limited 受限制的，有限的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 易改变的： changing or fluctuating readily
A: ♣例  a versatile disposition 多变的性格
A: ♣近  capricious, changeable, fluid, inconstant, mercurial, skittish, temperamental, variable, volatile
A: ♣反  certain, changeless, constant, immutable, invariable, settled, stable, stationary, steady, unchangeable, unvarying 固定的，不变的

Q:verse  [və:s]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使精通，使熟悉： to familiarize by close association, study, or experience
A: ♣例  well versed in the theater 精通剧院‖While in prison, he versed himself in the rights of the incarcerated. 当他身处监狱时，他通过自学熟悉了囚犯所享有的权利。
A: ♣近  acquaint, familiarize, inform
A: ♣反  misinform, mislead 误导
A: ♠考法2  n. 诗歌： a composition using rhythm and often rhyme to create a lyrical effect
A: ♣例  composed a short verse for his father’s birthday 为他父亲的生日创作了一首小诗
A: ♣近  ballad, lyric, poetry, song
A: ♣反  prose 散文

Q:versed  [və:st]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 熟知的： having information especially as a result of study or experience
A: ♣例  versed in the latest developments in aeronautics 熟知当今航空业的发展情况
A: ♣近  abreast, acquainted, conversant, informed, knowledgeable, well-informed
A: ♣近  ignorant, unacquainted, unfamiliar, uninformed, unknowledgeable 无知的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 精通的： having or showing exceptional knowledge, experience, or skill in a field of endeavor
A: ♣例  well versed in the techniques of laser surgery 精通激光手术方面的技术
A: ♣近  accomplished, adept, complete, consummate, experienced, expert, master, practiced, professed, skilled, veteran, virtuoso
A: ♣近  amateur, inexperienced, inexpert, jackleg, unprofessional, unseasoned, unskilled 业余的，不精通的

Q:vertigo  ['və:tiɡəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 眩晕： a dizzy confused state of mind
A: ♣例  He had a dreadful attack of vertigo at the top of the tower. 他站在塔顶，感到一阵令人窒息的眩晕。
A: ♣近  dizziness, giddiness
A: ♣反  sobriety 清醒

Q:verve  [və:v]
A: ♠考法1  n. 活力，热情： vitality, liveliness
A: ♣例  The instrumentalists played with skill and verve. 器乐表演者们有着高超的技巧与饱满的热情
A: ♣近  animation, dynamism, energy, exuberance, liveliness, robustness, vibrancy, vigorousness, vim, vitality
A: ♣反  lethargy, listlessness, sluggishness, torpidity 精神不振

Q:vessel  ['vesəl]
A: ♠考法1  n.管： a tube or canal (as an artery) in which a body fluid is contained and conveyed or circulated
A: ♣例  blood vessel 血管
A: ♣近  artery, vein
A: ♠考法2  n. 船，舰艇： a watercraft bigger than a rowboat
A: ♣例  the largest military vessel afloat 最大的军用舰艇
A: ♣近  boat, cruiser, destroyer, ferry, ship, watercraft

Q:vestige  ['vestidʒ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 微小的遗迹，小痕迹： the smallest quantity or trace
A: ♣例  A few strange words carved on a stone were the only vestige of the lost civilization. 石碑上刻着的几个奇怪的字符是这个失落文明的唯一的遗迹。‖the fossilized vestige of a dinosaur that traversed that muddy landscape millions of years ago 千万年横跨那块泥泞土壤的恐龙的化石碎片
A: ♣近  echo, ghost, relic, remain, remnant, residual, shadow, trace
A: ♣派  vestigial adj. 残留的；退化的

Q:vestigial  [ve'stidʒiəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 退化的，发育不全的： (of certain organs or parts of organisms) having attained a simple structure and reduced size and function during the evolution of the species
A: ♣例  snake that has vestigial limbs 拥有退化四肢的蛇
A: ♣近  incomplete, rudimentary, undeveloped
A: ♣反  adult, full-blown, full-fledged, matured, ripe, ripened 成熟的，发育完全的

Q:veteran  ['vetərən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 老兵，有丰富经验的人： one having knowledge or ability gained through long experience
A: ♣例  As a veteran of overseas travel, she offered us solid advice about planning our trip. 作为一名资深的旅行家，她给了我们提供了许多关于旅行规划的中肯建议。
A: ♣近  doyen, expert, master, maven, warhorse
A: ♣反  beginner, colt, fledgling, freshman, greenhorn, neophyte, novice, recruit, rookie, tenderfoot, tyro 新手
A: ♠考法2  adj. 经验丰富的，资深的： having or showing exceptional knowledge, experience, or skill in a field of endeavor
A: ♣例  She is a veteran teacher who can mentor new teachers. 她的教师资历都老到可以教新教师了。
A: ♣近  accomplished, adept, consummate, experienced, masterful, professed, skilled, versed, virtuoso
A: ♣反  amateur, inexperienced, inexpert, unprofessional, unseasoned, unskilled, unskillful 业余的，经验不足的

Q:veto  ['vi:təu]
A: ♠考法1  n./vt. 否决，禁止： to forbid or prohibit authoritatively
A: ♣例  The President vetoed the bill. 总统否决了提案。‖We wanted to do a cross-country trip, but our parents vetoed it. 我们想来一次跨国旅行，但是父母不肯批准。
A: ♣近  blackball, decline, disallow, disapprove, kill, negative, refuse, reject
A: ♣反  accredit, approbate, authorize, clear, confirm, finalize, formalize, ratify, sanction, warrant 批准

Q:vex  [veks]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使烦恼，使恼怒： to bring trouble, distress, or agitation to
A: ♣例  vexed by her son's failure to clean his room 因为她儿子不清理房间而恼怒
A: ♣近  aggravate, annoy, bother, exasperate, gall, grate, irk, nettle, peeve, rile
A: ♣反  appease, assuage, conciliate, mollify, placate, propitiate 平息怒火
A: ♣派  vexation n. 烦恼

Q:viable  ['vaiəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 可行的： capable of being done or carried out
A: ♣例  a viable solution to the problem 解决问题的一个可行方案
A: ♣近  achievable, attainable, doable, feasible, practicable, realizable, workable
A: ♣反  hopeless, impossible, impracticable, infeasible, unattainable, unviable, unworkable 不可行的
A: ♣派  viability n. 可行性

Q:vicarious  [vi'kεəriəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 代理的，取代的： performed or suffered by one person as a substitute for another or to the benefit or advantage of another
A: ♣例  use Internet as a vicarious form of social life 把互联网当作一种虚拟的社交生活
A: ♣近  indirect, substitute, surrogate
A: ♣反  firsthand 直接的

Q:vicious  ['viʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 凶恶的，恶毒的： having or showing the desire to inflict severe pain and suffering on others
A: ♣例  vicious slander 恶意的诽谤
A: ♣近  atrocious, barbaric, barbarous, brutal, butcherly, fiendish, heartless, inhumane, sadistic, savage, truculent
A: ♣反  benign, benignant, compassionate, humane, kind, kindhearted, merciful, sympathetic 仁慈的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 猛烈的： marked by violence or ferocity
A: ♣例  a vicious storm ripped through the region 在境内肆虐的强烈风暴
A: ♣近  dreadful, excruciating, explosive, fearsome, ferocious, fierce, intensive, profound, vehement, violent
A: ♣反  light, moderate, soft 轻柔的
A: ♣派  viciousness n. 邪恶

Q:vicissitude  [vi'sisitju:d]
A: ♠考法1  n. 自然变化： natural change or mutation visible in nature or in human affairs
A: ♣例  vicissitude of daily life 日常生活的跌宕起伏
A: ♣近  fluctuation, mutation, shift, variation
A: ♣反  uniformity 一致性，无差异
A: ♣派  vicissitudinous adj. 有变化的

Q:victimize  ['viktimaiz]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使受骗： to subject to deception or fraud
A: ♣例  victimized by a confidence man with a slick story 被一个骗子用圆滑的故事欺骗
A: ♣近  cheat, cozen, deceive, defraud, dupe, fool, hoax, swindle
A: ♣反  disabuse, disenchant, disillusion, undeceive 使醒悟

Q:vigilant  ['vidʒilənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 警醒的，警惕的： alertly watchful especially to avoid danger
A: ♣例  Police warned the public to be vigilant and report anything suspicious. 警方要求公众保持警惕，并上报任何有嫌疑的人或事。‖When traveling through the city, tourists should be extra vigilant. 在这个城市旅行的游客应该保持格外的警惕。
A: ♣近  alert, attentive, awake, cautious, observant, sharp, watchful
A: ♣反  careless, heedless, inattentive, unmindful, unthinking, unwary 不谨慎的
A: ♣派  vigilance n. 警惕

Q:vignette  [vi'njet]
A: ♠考法1  n. 简介短文： a vivid representation in words of someone or something
A: ♣例  The general's memoirs are filled with revealing vignettes of some of the war’s most compelling personalities. 将军的回忆录里充满了短小的文章，它们揭露了战争中最引人注意的人物。
A: ♣近  definition, delineation, depiction, picture, portrait, portraiture, portrayal, rendering, sketch

Q:vigorous  ['viɡərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 精力旺盛的： having active strength of body or mind
A: ♣例  He remains vigorous despite being over 80 years old. 尽管他已80高龄，但仍活力不减
A: ♣近  brisk, dynamic, energetic, lively, robust, spirited, vital
A: ♣反  dull, lethargic, listless, sluggish, torpid 没有精神的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 强健的： able to withstand hardship, strain, or exposure
A: ♣例  vigorous and sturdy little sheep bred to live in mountainous regions 在山区喂养的健壮的小羊
A: ♣近  hard, hardened, inured, rugged, stout, strong, sturdy, tough, toughened
A: ♣反  delicate, soft, tender, weak 脆弱的
A: ♣派  vigor n. 精力

Q:vile  [vail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 丑陋的： unpleasant to look at
A: ♣例  a truly vile combination of colors 着实丑陋的混搭色调
A: ♣近  grotesque, hideous, homely, monstrous
A: ♣反  aesthetic, attractive, beautiful, comely, cute, fair, gorgeous, handsome, ravishing, seemly 漂亮迷人的
A: ♠考法2  adj. （道德上）可鄙的，卑鄙的： morally despicable or abhorrent
A: ♣例  Nothing is so vile as intellectual dishonesty. 没什么比智力上的欺骗更为可鄙的了。
A: ♣近  base, contemptible, despicable, detestable, dishonorable, execrable, ignominious, mean, nasty, paltry, sordid, wretched
A: ♣反  honorable, lofty, noble, straight, upright, venerable, virtuous 有道德的

Q:vilify  ['vilifai]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 诽谤，辱骂： to utter slanderous and abusive statements against
A: ♣例  be vilified by the press because of her radical views 因为她激进的观点而被媒体抨击
A: ♣近  asperse, blacken, calumniate, defame, libel, malign, smear, traduce
A: ♣反  acclaim, applaud, commend, praise 表扬
A: ♣派  vilification n. 辱骂

Q:vim  [vim]
A: ♠考法1  n. 活力，精力： robust energy and enthusiasm
A: ♣例  A little rest should give me back some of my vim. 稍事休息一会我应该就能回复些许精力
A: ♣近  animation, bounce, dynamism, energy, liveliness, robustness, verve, vibrancy, vigorousness, vitality
A: ♣反  lethargy, listlessness, sluggishness, torpidity 精神不振

Q:vindicate  ['vindikeit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 为…平反，为…辩护，使无罪： to free from allegation or blame
A: ♣例  The evidence would completely vindicate him. 这个证据将彻底证明他的清白。
A: ♣近  absolve, acquit, exculpate, exonerate
A: ♣反  incriminate 使有罪
A: ♠考法2  vt. 证明，证实：to give evidence or testimony to the truth or factualness of
A: ♣例  Recent discoveries have generally vindicated the physicist's theories. 近期的发现整体上证明了物理学家的理论。
A: ♣近  attest, authenticate, certify, corroborate, substantiate, support, validate, verify
A: ♣反  disprove, rebut, refute 反驳，驳斥

Q:vindictive  [vin'diktiv]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 复仇的（有寻仇倾向的）： disposed to seek revenge
A: ♣例  vindictive hatred for his brother 对他兄弟的仇恨
A: ♣近  avenging, resentful, retaliatory, revengeful, vengeful
A: ♣反  forgiving, merciful, relenting 仁慈的

Q:virtuoso  [,və:tju'əuzəu]
A: ♠考法1  n. 艺术鉴赏家，专家： a person with masterly skill or technique in the arts
A: ♣例  a violin virtuoso 资深小提琴艺术家
A: ♣近  adept, connoisseur, maestro, master, maven, proficient, wizard
A: ♣反  amateur, inexpert 业余爱好者，非专业玩家
A: ♠考法2  adj. 经验丰富的，技艺精湛的： having or showing exceptional knowledge, experience, or skill in a field of endeavor
A: ♣例  The American virtuoso cellist Lynn Harrell joins the orchestra as soloist in Shostakovich’s technically challenging Cello Concerto No 2. 来自美国的技艺精湛的大提琴家林恩?哈雷尔作为独奏者加入了乐队，共同演绎肖斯塔科维奇充满挑战的《第二大提琴协奏曲》。
A: ♣近  accomplished, adept, consummate, experienced, masterful, professed, skilled, versed, veteran
A: ♣反  amateur, inexperienced, inexpert, unprofessional, unseasoned, unskilled, unskillful 业余的，经验不足的
A: ♣派  virtuosity n. 精湛技艺

Q:virtuous  ['və:tʃuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 品德高尚的，正直的： having or showing virtue, especially moral excellence
A: ♣例  Virtuous behavior is its own reward. 美德本身就是一种回报。‖She felt that she had made a virtuous decision by donating the money to charity. 她觉得把钱捐赠给慈善基金是一个高尚的决定。
A: ♣近  decent, ethical, honest, honorable, moral, noble, righteous, straight, upright
A: ♣反  bad, evil, immoral, indecent, sinful, unethical, unrighteous, wicked, wrong 邪恶的

Q:virulent  ['virjulənt]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有毒的： extremely poisonous or venomous
A: ♣例  virulent bacteria 有毒的细菌
A: ♣近  poisonous, toxic, venomous
A: ♣反  innocuous 无害的；healthy, salubrious, wholesome 有益健康的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 凶残的： marked by a rapid, severe, and destructive course
A: ♣例  a virulent look on her face 面露凶色
A: ♣近  cruel, malevolent, malicious, malignant, spiteful, vicious
A: ♣反  benevolent, benign, benignant, loving 仁慈的
A: ♣派  virulence n. 毒性，恶毒

Q:viscid  ['visid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有粘性的： having a glutinous consistency
A: ♣例  viscid tree resin 粘性的树脂
A: ♣近  adherent, adhesive, clingy, gluey, glutinous, tenacious, viscous
A: ♣反  slick 光滑的

Q:viscous  ['viskəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粘稠的，粘的： viscid; sticky
A: ♣例  viscous syrup that takes forever to pour from a narrow-neck bottle 不知要花多久才能从窄口瓶中倒出来的粘稠糖浆
A: ♣近  glutinous, syrup, viscid
A: ♣反  fluid, watery 流体的，易流动的

Q:visionary  ['viʒənəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 空想的，不切实际的： having or marked by a tendency to be guided more by ideals than by reality
A: ♣例  a visionary plan for a manned flight to Mars 一个构想中的载人火星计划
A: ♣近  idealistic, imaginary, impractical, quixotic, romantic, utopian
A: ♣反  pragmatic 实事求是的，务实的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 幻觉的： not real and existing only in the imagination
A: ♣例  claimed to have had visionary experiences of hell 宣称有过到达地狱的幻觉
A: ♣近  chimerical, dreamy, fabulous, fantastic, illusory, phantom, unreal
A: ♣反  actual, existent, existing, real 真实存在的
A: ♠考法3  adj. 有远见的： having or marked by foresight and imagination
A: ♣例  a visionary and legendary leader 一个有远见的传奇性领袖
A: ♣近  farseeing, farsighted, forehanded, foreseeing, forethoughtful, prescient, proactive, provident
A: ♣反  improvident, myopic, shortsighted 目光短浅的

Q:vitality  [vai'tæləti]
A: ♠考法1  n. 活力，生命力： physical or mental vigor especially when highly developed
A: ♣例  Her vitality seemed to spread to everyone around her. 她的活力似乎能影响身边的每一个人
A: ♣近  animation, bounce, dynamism, energy, liveliness, robustness, verve, vibrancy, vigorousness, vim
A: ♣反  lethargy, listlessness, sluggishness, torpidity 精神不振
A: ♣派  vitalize vt. 激发，使有活力

Q:vitiate  ['viʃieit]
A: ♠考法1  v. 削弱，损害： to reduce the value or impair the quality of
A: ♣例  Too many grammatical errors can vitiate the soundness of your writing, so double-check is recommended before submission. 太多的语法错误会削弱你论证的力度，所以强烈建议交稿前检查几遍。
A: ♣近  blemish, cripple, deface, degrade, deteriorate, flaw, harm, impair, mar, undermine
A: ♣反  doctor, fix, mend, patch, rebuild, recondition, reconstruct, renovate, repair, revamp 修复，再生
A: ♠考法2  v. （在道德、审美上）降低，堕落： to debase in moral or aesthetic status
A: ♣例  Penchant for coarse language vitiates what is otherwise a refined literary style. 使用粗俗语言的倾向使得本该是一个高雅的文体变得不堪入目。
A: ♣近  abase, cheapen, corrupt, debauch, demean, demoralize, deprave, pervert, profane, prostitute, subvert
A: ♣反  elevate, ennoble, uplift 使高尚
A: ♣派  vitiated adj. 受损害的

Q:vitriolic  [,vitri'ɔlik]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （言辞）刻薄的： bitterly scathing
A: ♣例  vitriolic criticism 刻薄的批评
A: ♣近  acerbic, acid, acrid, bitter, biting, caustic, corrosive, harsh, mordant, scalding, scathing, sharp, tart
A: ♣反  balmy, benign, bland, delicate, light, mellow, mild, nonabrasive, soft, soothing, tender 柔和的
A: ♣派  vitriol n. 刻薄的话语

Q:vituperate  [vi'tju:pəreit]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 谩骂，责骂： to abuse or censure severely or abusively
A: ♣例  was vituperated for betraying his friends 因为背叛他的朋友而被责骂
A: ♣近  abuse, assail, belabor, berate, castigate, excoriate, lambaste, reprimand, scold, rail, revile, upbraid
A: ♣反  admire, commend, laud, praise 赞赏
A: ♣派  vituperative adj. 辱骂的

Q:vivacious  [vi'veiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 活泼的，快活的： lively in temper, conduct, or spirit
A: ♣例  a vivacious girl who became a successful sales rep 一个成为了成功销售代表的活泼女孩
A: ♣近  active, animated, bouncing, brisk, energetic, frisky, kinetic, mettlesome, spirited, sprightly, vital, zippy
A: ♣反  dead, inactive, inanimate, languid, languorous, leaden, lifeless, listless, spiritless, vapid 无活力的
A: ♣派  vivacity n. 活力，活泼

Q:vocation  [vəu'keiʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 职业： the work in which a person is regularly employed
A: ♣例  finally made soccer her vocation instead of just a hobby 终于将足球从爱好升级为谋生的职业
A: ♣近  calling, employment, occupation, profession, trade, work
A: ♣反  hobby 爱好
A: ♣派  vocational adj. 职业的，为职业做准备的

Q:vociferous  [vəu'sifərəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 喧哗的，大叫大嚷的： making, given to, or marked by noisy and vehement outcry
A: ♣例  Vociferous opponents of the bill protested angrily outside the Congress. 议案的反对者在国会外愤怒地举行了声势浩大的抗议活动
A: ♣近  blatant, boisterous, clamant, clamorous, obstreperous, strident, yowling
A: ♣反  reticent, taciturn 沉默的；serene, tranquil 宁静的

Q:volatile  ['vɔlətail]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 多变的： characterized by or subject to rapid or unexpected change
A: ♣例  a boss of volatile moods 一个性情多变的老板‖The stock market can be very volatile. 股市瞬息万变。
A: ♣近  capricious, changeable, fluid, inconstant, mercurial, skittish, temperamental, variable, versatile
A: ♣反  certain, changeless, constant, immutable, invariable, settled, stable, stationary, steady, unchangeable, unvarying 固定的，不变的
A: ♣派  volatility n. 易变性，易挥发性

Q:volition  [vəu'liʃən]
A: ♠考法1  n. 意志，自愿选择的行为： the act or power of making one's own choices or decisions
A: ♣例  beyond his volition or control 超出了他的意志和控制范围
A: ♣近  choice, decision, discretion, will
A: ♣反  coercion, compulsion, constraint, duress, force, pressure 强迫，迫使

Q:voluble  ['vɔljubl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 健谈的，话多的： characterized by ready or rapid speech
A: ♣例  The voluble gadfly ruined the party. 聚会被那个话又多又让人讨厌的人破坏了。
A: ♣近  chatty, eloquent, garrulous, glib, loquacious, talkative, vocative
A: ♣反  reticent, taciturn 沉默的；laconic, reserved, succinct 惜字如金的
A: ♣派  volubility n. 口若悬河

Q:voluminous  [və'lju:minəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 卷数多的，大量的，庞大的： having great volume, fullness, size, or number
A: ♣例  trying to keep a track of voluminous academic database 尝试追踪数目庞大的学术数据库
A: ♣近  colossal, considerable, elephantine, enormous, gargantuan, gigantic, mammoth, numerous, oversize
A: ♣反  scanty, scarce 缺乏的；dwarf, little, small, undersized 数量少的

Q:voluptuous  [və'lʌptjuəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 奢侈逸乐的，沉溺酒色的： given to or spent in enjoyments of luxury, pleasure, or sensual gratifications
A: ♣例  They spent a long and voluptuous holiday in Venice. 他们在威尼斯度过了一个漫长而奢华的假期。
A: ♣近  carnal, epicurean, luscious, lush, luxurious, indulgent, sensual, sensuous
A: ♣反  ascetic, spartan, self-denying 克己的，自制的
A: ♣派  voluptuary n. 酒色之徒

Q:voracious  [vɔ'reiʃəs]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有很大食量的，贪吃的： having a huge appetite
A: ♣例  He has a voracious appetite. 他的食量惊人。
A: ♣近  edacious, esurient, gluttonous, swinish
A: ♣反  abstemious, abstentious 有节制的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 贪婪的，如饥似渴的： having or marked by an insatiable appetite for an activity or pursuit
A: ♣例  a voracious reader who locked himself up in the study 一个把自己锁在书房的贪婪的读者
A: ♣近  acquisitive, avid, covetous, grasping, greedy, hungry, rapacious, ravenous, thirsty
A: ♣反  apathetic, indifferent, uneager, unenthusiastic 无所谓的
A: ♣派  voracity n. 食欲，贪婪

Q:votary  ['vəutəri]
A: ♠考法1  n. 崇拜者，信徒： a person who is fervently devoted, as to a leader or ideal; a faithful follower
A: ♣例  votaries of the religious leader 宗教领袖的追随者们
A: ♣近  acolyte, adherent, devotee, disciple, fan, fanatic, partisan, pupil, zealot
A: ♣反  bellwether, leader 领导；apostate, defector, renegade, traitor, turncoat 叛徒

Q:vouch  [vautʃ]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 担保，声称为真： to declare (something) to be true or genuine; to give a guarantee
A: ♣例  willing to vouch for her integrity 愿意担保她的人格
A: ♣近  attest, avouch, guarantee, testify, warrant

Q:vouchsafe  [vautʃ'seif]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 允诺，给予： to grant or furnish often in a gracious or condescending manner
A: ♣例  refused to vouchsafe an explanation 拒绝给出任何解释
A: ♣近  accord, award, grant, vest
A: ♣反  withhold 保留，不给予；recant, retract, withdraw 撤回，收回

Q:voyeur  [vwɑ:'jə:]
A: ♠考法1  n. 淫窥狂： one obtaining sexual gratification from observing unsuspecting individuals who are partly undressed, naked, or engaged in sexual acts
A: ♣例  They accidentally found out that their ostensibly benign neighbor is actually a voyeur. 他们偶然间发现那个表面和善的邻居居然是一个偷窥狂。
A: ♣近  peeper
A: ♣派  voyeurism n. 偷窥癖

Q:vulgar  ['vʌlɡə]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 粗俗的，无教养的： morally crude, undeveloped, or unregenerate
A: ♣例  He is a vulgar man but his music is quite divine. 虽然他是一个粗俗的人，但他的音乐却十分神圣。
A: ♣近  bawdy, coarse, crass, crude, dirty, filthy, gross, lowbred, indecent, nasty, obscene, ribald, rude, uncouth
A: ♣反  civilized, cultivated, cultured, genteel, polished, refined, urbane, well-bred 有教养的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 口头的，非正式的： used in or suitable for speech and not formal writing
A: ♣例  Latin was once the language of scholars, and English the vulgar language used by the common people. 很久以前拉丁语才是学术界的官方语言，而英语是普通百姓所使用的。
A: ♣近  conversational, informal, nonliterary, unliterary, vernacular
A: ♣反  bookish, formal, learned, literary 书面的，正式的

Q:vulnerable  ['vʌlnərəbl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 易受攻击的，脆弱的： open to attack or damage
A: ♣例  The troops were deployed in a vulnerable position. 部队被部署在了一个容易遭受攻击的位置。‖The fort was undefended and vulnerable. 堡垒没有设防，十分脆弱。
A: ♣近  assailable, endangered, exposed, subject, susceptible
A: ♣反  guarded, protected, shielded 有保护的；invincible, invulnerable 无敌的
A: ♣派  vulnerability n. 弱点，易受伤害

Q:waddle  ['wɔdəl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 摇摇摆摆地走： to walk with short steps that tilt the body from side to side
A: ♣例  The duck waddled back into the water. 鸭子一摇一摆地回到了水中
A: ♣近  careen, dodder, reel, teeter, totter
A: ♣派  waddling adj. 摇摇摆摆的

Q:waffle  ['wɔfəl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 胡扯： to talk or write foolishly
A: ♣例  This lecturer will waffle on for hours. 这个老师会胡说八道地扯几个小时。
A: ♣近  babble, blather, drivel, gabble, prattle
A: ♣反  articulate 清楚地说

Q:waft  [wɑ:ft]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 飘荡，漂浮： to float easily and gently, as on the air
A: ♣例  Heavenly aromas wafted from the kitchen. 令人欣悦的香气从厨房飘出。‖A feather wafted past us and settled on the grass. 一片羽毛飘过我们身边，落在草地上。
A: ♣近  buoy, drift, glide, hang, hover, raft
A: ♣反  flounder, sink 沉没；submerge 下沉

Q:wag  [wæɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 幽默诙谐的人： a humorous or droll person
A: ♣例  Some wag wrote a droll satire on the scandal. 一些有才的人就丑闻写了一个搞怪的讽刺。
A: ♣近  comedian, comic, droll, humorist, joker, wit
A: ♠考法2  vt. 摆动： to move to and fro or up and down especially with quick jerky motions
A: ♣例  The dog wagged its tail. 狗摆动着它的尾巴。
A: ♣近  swish, switch, waggle

Q:wan  [wɔn]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 苍白的，病态的： suggestive of poor health
A: ♣例  She looks a little wan after all that tiring work. 在完成那些繁重的工作之后她看起来有些虚弱。
A: ♣近  ashen, ashy, blanched, livid, lurid, sickly, pale, pallid
A: ♣反  blooming, florid, flush, full-blooded, glowing, red, rosy, rubicund, ruddy, sanguine 红润的，健康的

Q:wanderlust  ['wɔndəlʌst]
A: ♠考法1  n. 旅行癖： a very strong or irresistible impulse to travel
A: ♣例  His wanderlust would not allow him to stay long in one spot. 他对旅行的渴望让他不可能在一处久待。

Q:wane  [wein]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 减少，衰退，降低： to decrease in size, extent, or degree
A: ♣例  In the evening the storm finally waned. 傍晚时分风暴终于减弱了。‖The moon waxes and then wanes. 月有阴晴圆缺。
A: ♣近  abate, decline, diminish, dwindle, ease, ebb, fall, lessen, lower, moderate, recede, shrink, subside, taper
A: ♣反  accumulate, balloon, burgeon, enlarge, escalate, expand, grow, increase, intensify, mushroom, rise, snowball, soar, wax 增加，扩大，上升
A: ♣派  waning adj. 衰退的，减少的

Q:want  [wɔnt]
A: ♠考法1  n. 短缺： the condition or quality of lacking something usual or necessary
A: ♣例  There's a notable want of teachers in rural areas. 农村地区存在着值得注意的师资短缺问题
A: ♣近  absence, dearth, deficiency, drought, famine, inadequacy, insufficiency, lack, paucity, scarcity, shortage
A: ♣反  abundance, adequacy, amplitude, opulence, plenitude, plenty, sufficiency, wealth 丰富，大量
A: ♠考法2  vt. 渴望： to have a strong desire for
A: ♣例  I want a new car so badly! 我太想要一辆新车了！‖She wanted more time to finish the test. 她希望能有更多的时间来完成考试。
A: ♣近  ache, covet, crave, hunger, itch, long, lust, pine, repine, thirst, wish, yearn
A: ♣反  abhor, abominate, despise, detest, execrate, hate, loathe 厌恶，反感

Q:wanting  ['wɔntiŋ]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 未出现的，缺少的： not present or in evidence
A: ♣例  Grass is almost entirely wanting in that arid wasteland. 那片荒漠几乎没有长一丝青草。
A: ♣近  absent, lacking, missing, nonexistent
A: ♣反  existent, present 存在的，出现的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 未达到要求的： not being up to standards or expectations
A: ♣例  He examined her work and found it wanting. 他检查了她的作业，发现不合要求。‖We tried her cooking and found it to be very wanting. 我们试了试她的厨艺，结果发现很不尽人意。
A: ♣近  deficient, dissatisfactory, ill, inferior, lousy, paltry, poor, unacceptable, unsatisfactory, wretched
A: ♣反  acceptable, adequate, passable, tolerable 可接受的；satisfactory 令人满意的

Q:warmonger  ['wɔ:,mʌŋɡə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 好战者： one who urges or attempts to stir up war
A: ♣例  Fortunately, the warmongers met with overwhelming opposition. 幸运的是，好战者们碰到了巨大的阻力。
A: ♣近  belligerent, hawk, jingoist, war hawk
A: ♣反  dove, pacifist 和平主义者

Q:warp  [wɔ:p]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 使偏向： to turn from a correct or proper course
A: ♣近  avert, deflect, divert, veer
A: ♣反  straighten 使变直，使回归正轨
A: ♠考法2  vt. 扭曲，变形： to twist (something) out of a natural or normal shape or condition
A: ♣例  The heat caused the wood to warp. 高温使得木头变形了。
A: ♣近  deform, misshape, screw, torture
A: ♠考法3  vt. 曲解： to change so much as to create a wrong impression or alter the meaning of
A: ♣例  The faulty English translation really warps the meaning of the original Chinese text. 错误的英语翻译曲解了中文的原意。
A: ♣近  distort, falsify, misinterpret, misrepresent, twist
A: ♣反  clarify, clear, explain, illuminate, illustrate 澄清
A: ♣派  warped adj. 弯曲的，变形的

Q:warrant  ['wɔrənt]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 承诺： to assume responsibility for the satisfactory quality or performance of
A: ♣例  The computer company unconditionally warrants all of its products for one full year. 这个电脑公司对所有的产品提供为期一年的质量保证。
A: ♣近  assure, avouch, guarantee, vouch
A: ♠考法2  vt. 批准，认可： to give official acceptance of as satisfactory
A: ♣例  The law warrants these measures. 法律允许这些措施。
A: ♣近  approbate, authorize, clear, confirm, finalize, formalize, ratify, sanction
A: ♣反  decline, deny, disallow, disapprove, negative, reject, veto 禁止，否决
A: ♣派  warranted adj. 有正当理由的；warranty n.保证，承诺

Q:wary  ['wεəri]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 小心的，机警的，谨慎的： marked by keen caution, cunning, and watchfulness
A: ♣例  kept a wary eye out for signs of the enemy 对敌人出现的征兆保持警惕
A: ♣近  alert, cautious, chary, circumspect, conservative, guarded, heedful, vigilant, watchful
A: ♣反  careless, heedless, incautious, unguarded, unmindful, unwary 不谨慎的
A: ♣派  wariness n. 谨慎，小心

Q:wastrel  ['weistrəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 肆意挥霍的人，败家子： one who expends resources foolishly and self-indulgently
A: ♣例  He ended up being a wastrel and a drunkard. 他最后成了一个花天酒地的败家子。
A: ♣近  fritterer, profligate, spender, spendthrift, squanderer, waster
A: ♣反  economizer, penny-pincher 节约的人；hoarder, miser, niggard 吝啬鬼

Q:watershed  ['wɔ:təʃed]
A: ♠考法1  n. 重要关头，分水岭： a crucial dividing point: turning point
A: ♣例  a watershed moment in her life 她命运的分水岭
A: ♣近  climax, corner, event, landmark, milestone

Q:wax  [wæks]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 月亮渐满： to increase in phase or intensity, used chiefly of the moon, other satellites, and inferior planets
A: ♣反  wane 月亮渐亏
A: ♠考法2  vt. 用蜡涂、处理或上光： to coat (something) with a slippery substance in order to reduce friction
A: ♣例  wax the floor 给地板打蜡
A: ♣近  grease, oil, slick
A: ♣反  coarsen, rough, roughen 使粗糙
A: ♠考法3  vi. 增大，增强： to increase in size, numbers, strength, prosperity, or intensity
A: ♣例  The commitment of the young volunteers to the cause seems to wax. 青年志愿者们对于这项事业的投入似乎在增多。
A: ♣近  accelerate, accumulate, appreciate, balloon, boom, burgeon, enlarge, escalate, expand, proliferate, rise
A: ♣反  contract, decrease, diminish, dwindle, lessen, recede 减少，减弱
A: ♣派  waxing adj. 增加的

Q:waylay  [,wei'lei]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 埋伏，伏击： to lie in wait for or attack from ambush
A: ♣例  Unsuspecting tourists are often waylaid by gangs. 不警惕的旅客们常常被犯罪团伙偷袭。‖We were waylaid by a group of protestors with rocks. 我们被一群示威者用石头偷袭了。
A: ♣近  ambush, assault, lurk, surprise

Q:wayward  ['weiwəd]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 刚愎自用的，不服管束的： following one's own capricious, wanton, or depraved inclinations
A: ♣例  had always been the most wayward of their three children 总是三个小孩里最不听话的一个‖wayward children with a history of behavioral problems 过去行为上有些问题的调皮小孩
A: ♣近  balky, contrary, contumacious, defiant, intractable, obstreperous, rebellious, recalcitrant, refractory, unruly
A: ♣反  amenable, biddable, compliant, conformable, docile, obedient, ruly, submissive, tractable 顺从的

Q:weather  ['weðə]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 安全渡过（危机等），经受住： to come through (something) safely
A: ♣例  We haveve weathered worse crises, and so we'll survive this one. 更为严重的危机我们都闯过了，这个也不会有问题的。‖They weathered a terrible storm while at sea. 他们在海上平安渡过了一场巨大的风暴。
A: ♣近  survive
A: ♣反  decease, die, expire, perish, succumb, pass away 死亡，消亡

Q:welter  ['weltə]
A: ♠考法1  n. 混乱；动乱： a state of wild disorder
A: ♣例  There was a welter of pushing and shoving. 到处是推搡和拥挤的混乱局面。‖The troop withdrawal would plunge the country into a welter of anarchy and endless civil war. 撤军会使得这个国家陷入无政府的动乱和无尽的内战中。
A: ♣近  disturbance, furor, hurricane, pandemonium, turmoil, turmoil, uproar, whirl
A: ♣反  calm, peace, tranquility 平静，宁静；order 秩序

Q:wheedle  ['hwi:dl]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （用花言巧语）诱惑，哄骗： to persuade or attempt to persuade by flattery or guile
A: ♣例  wheedled him into working for them 哄骗他为他们工作‖She pleaded and wheedled, but I wouldn't be swayed. 她软磨硬泡地求我，但我仍不动摇。
A: ♣近  adulate, blandish, cajole, coax
A: ♣反  coerce, compel, demand, force, oblige, require 迫使，强求

Q:whet  [hwet]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 磨快： to sharpen by rubbing on or with something (as a stone)
A: ♣例  whetted the dagger with the grindstone 用磨石把匕首磨锋利
A: ♣近  edge, grind, hone, stone, strop
A: ♣反  blunt, dull 使变钝

Q:whiff  [hwif]
A: ♠考法1  n. 微风： a quick puff or slight gust especially of air, odor, gas, smoke, or spray
A: ♣例  A whiff of fresh air reinvigorated him. 一股清新的空气让他恢复了活力。
A: ♣近  breath, puff
A: ♣反  blast 强烈的气流
A: ♠考法2  n. 细微的信号，略微痕迹： an almost imperceptible sign of something
A: ♣例  Even a whiff of appreciation for everything I've done for her would have been nice. 她哪怕是对我为她的付出流露出一丁点的感激之情也好啊。‖Humanity is unregenerable and hates the language of conformity, since conformity has a whiff of the inhuman about it. (Anthony Burgess) 人性是不能改造也无发统一的，因为一致性本身带有一点点不人道的意味。（安东尼?伯吉斯）
A: ♣近  flicker, glimmer, suggestion, touch, trace

Q:whimsical  ['hwimzikəl]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 反复无常的： prone to sudden illogical changes of mind, ideas, or actions
A: ♣例  It’s hard to make plans with such a whimsical friend. 和这样一个反复无常的朋友做决定是很困难的。
A: ♣近  capricious, fickle, freakish, mercurial, volatile
A: ♣反  resolute, unwavering 坚决的
A: ♣派  whimsicality n. 反复无常

Q:wholesome  ['həulsəm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 有益身心健康的： promoting mental, moral, or social health
A: ♣例  trying to eat a more wholesome diet 尽可能有更健康的饮食习惯
A: ♣近  healthy, restorative, salubrious, recuperative, tonic
A: ♣反  insalubrious, noxious, unhealthy, unwholesome 不健康的，有害的
A: ♣派  wholesomeness n. 健康

Q:wicked  ['wikid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 邪恶的： morally very bad
A: ♣例  a wicked urge to steal just for the sake of stealing 纯粹为了偷盗而偷盗的邪恶冲动
A: ♣近  dark, evil, immoral, iniquitous, nefarious, sinful, vicious, villainous
A: ♣反  decent, ethical, good, honest, honorable, moral, righteous, sublime, upright, virtuous 高尚的
A: ♣派  wickedness n. 邪恶

Q:willful  ['wilful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执的，倔强的： obstinately and often perversely self-willed
A: ♣例  Finally the parents sought professional counseling for the willful child. 最终家长不得不为倔强的小孩寻求专业咨询。
A: ♣近  adamant, headstrong, immovable, implacable, inconvincible, inflexible, intransigent, mulish, obdurate, pertinacious, perverse, stubborn, unyielding, wrongheaded
A: ♣反  acquiescent, agreeable, amenable, compliant, flexible, pliable, pliant, relenting, yielding 易受影响的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 故意的： done deliberately
A: ♣例  a willful attempt to cheat her siblings out of their rightful inheritance 一个想将继承权从她的姊妹手里骗过来的故意企图
A: ♣近  conscious, deliberate, intended, intentional, knowing, purposeful, voluntary, willed, witting
A: ♣反  accidental, chance, haphazard, inadvertent, incidental, random 不经意的，偶然的

Q:willy-nilly  ['wili'nili]
A: ♠考法1  adv. 不论是否愿意的（地）： whether desired or not
A: ♣例  After her boss fell sick, she willy-nilly found herself directing the project. 在她老板生病后，她发现自己不论愿不愿意，都得指导这项工程。
A: ♣近  helplessly, inescapably, inevitably, perforce, unavoidably
A: ♠考法2  adj. 无秩序的，随意的： without order or plan
A: ♣例  willy-nilly taxing laws 杂乱无序的税收法
A: ♣近  aimless, arbitrary, desultory, erratic, haphazard, scattered, slapdash, stray
A: ♣反  methodical, orderly, organized, regular, systematic 有序的，有组织的

Q:wilt  [wilt]
A: ♠考法1  vi. （花、植物等）萎蔫： to become limp or flaccid
A: ♣例  The plants wilted after I forgot to water them for three whole days. 在我整整三天忘记浇水之后，植物们全都萎蔫了。
A: ♣近  flag, hang, loll, sag, swag
A: ♠考法2  vi. 精神萎靡，憔悴： to feel or exhibit the effects of fatigue or exhaustion
A: ♣例  She had wilted a bit after walking around the hot and humid city. 在炎热潮湿的城市中行走使得她略显憔悴。‖His brain wilted from hitherto unprecedented weariness. 在前所未有的疲劳面前，他的开始变得神情憔悴。
A: ♣近  decay, droop, emaciate, fade, fail, lag, languish, sink, waste, wither
A: ♣反  convalesce, rally, rebound, recover, recuperate 康复，复原

Q:wily  ['waili]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 狡诈的，狡猾的： clever at attaining one's ends by indirect and often deceptive means
A: ♣例  He is an experienced and wily old statesman. 他是一个经验丰富而狡诈的老销售员。‖His wily plan only rebounded on him. 聪明反被聪明误。
A: ♣近  beguiling, cagey, crafty, cunning, devious, foxy, guileful, scheming, shrewd, slick, sly, subtle, tricky
A: ♣反  artless, guileless, ingenuous, innocent, undesigning 天真的，单纯的

Q:wince  [wins]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 畏缩： to shrink back involuntarily as from pain
A: ♣例  winced at the horrible corpses 在令人恐惧的尸体面前畏缩
A: ♣近  blench, cringe, quail, quiver, recoil, shrink, tremble
A: ♣反  confront, face, meet 直面；challenge 挑战

Q:windbag  ['windbæɡ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 健谈的人： an exhaustively talkative person
A: ♣例  With a windbag like that, who needs a wind farm to meet our energy needs? 有了他这样一个多话的“吹风机”，谁还要风力发电厂来满足电力需求呢？
A: ♣近  babbler, conversationalist, gabbler, gasbag, prattler

Q:windy  ['windi]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 冗长的： characterized by wearisome verbosity
A: ♣例  a windy saleswoman who told us a lot more than we wanted to know about vacuum cleaners 一个啰嗦的女销售员，一个劲地说着我们不想知道的关于吸尘器的细节
A: ♣近  circuitous, circumlocutory, diffuse, garrulous, prolix, rambling, verbose
A: ♣反  compact, concise, crisp, pithy, succinct, terse 简洁的

Q:winsome  ['winsəm]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 迷人的，漂亮的： generally pleasing and engaging often because of a childlike charm and innocence
A: ♣例  fascinated by her winsome smile 为她动人一笑所倾倒
A: ♣近  adorable, charming, disarming, enchanting, endearing, sweet, winning
A: ♣反  abhorrent, abominable, detestable, hateful, loathsome, odious 令人厌恶的
A: ♣派  winsomeness n. 迷人

Q:wiretap  ['waiətæp]
A: ♠考法1  n./vt. 偷听，窃听： to tap a telephone or telegraph wire in order to get information
A: ♣例  This line is not clean asCIAmight have wiretapped it. 这根线路不安全，因为中情局可能已经在监听了。
A: ♣近  eavesdrop, overhear, tap

Q:wistful  ['wistful]
A: ♠考法1  adj. （带着忧伤而）渴望的，怀念的： full of yearning or desire tinged with melancholy
A: ♣例  There was a wistful look in his eyes when he spoke of his childhood. 当他谈起他的童年时，眼眶中不禁流露出一种带有忧伤的怀念之情。
A: ♣近  longing, nostalgic, reminiscent, yearning
A: ♣反  apathetic, indifferent, insouciant, nonchalant, perfunctory, unconcerned 无所谓的，不感兴趣的

Q:wit  [wit]
A: ♠考法1  n. 机智，智慧： the natural ability to perceive and understand
A: ♣例  lacked the wit to judge 缺乏判断的智慧
A: ♣近  astuteness, brilliance, foxiness, intelligence, keenness, perspicacity, sagacity, sharpness, shrewdness
A: ♣反  brainlessness, dullness, fatuity, lunacy, silliness 愚蠢
A: ♠考法2  n. 智者，有智慧的人： a person of exceptional intelligence
A: ♣例  a man who fancied himself as a great wit 一个把自己想象成智慧的化身的男子
A: ♣近  illuminati, pundit, sage, savant, scholar
A: ♣反  dolt, fool, idiot, simpleton 傻子
A: ♣派  witty adj. 有智慧的

Q:withdraw  [wið'drɔ:]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 撤退： to take back or away
A: ♣例  The army was forced to withdraw from the frontline. 部队被迫从前线撤回
A: ♣近  recede, retreat, fall back
A: ♣反  advance 前进；place, position, put 放置，安置
A: ♣派  withdrawal n. 撤退；withdrawn adj. 性格内向的，离群的

Q:wither  ['wiðə]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 枯萎，凋谢： to become dry and sapless
A: ♣例  Amaranth is a legendary flower that never withers. 传说中的Amaranth是一种永不凋谢的花。
A: ♣近  dry, fade, shrivel, wane, wilt, wizen
A: ♣反  revive 复活；bloom, flourish, prosper, thrive 繁茂
A: ♣派  withering adj. 凋谢的，凋亡的

Q:withhold  ['wið'həuld]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 扣压，不给予： to refrain from granting, giving, or allowing
A: ♣例  withhold sensitive information 限制敏感信息的传播
A: ♣近  decline, disallow, disapprove, detain, refuse, reject, reprobate, restrain, retain
A: ♣反  allow, concede, grant, permit 授予

Q:wizen  ['wizən]
A: ♠考法1  vt. （使）凋谢，（使）枯萎： to become dry, shrunken, and wrinkled often as a result of aging or of failing vitality
A: ♣近  dry, mummify, shrivel, wither
A: ♣反  revive 复活；bloom, flourish, prosper, thrive 繁茂
A: ♠考法2  adj. 凋谢的, 枯萎的： shriveled or dried up
A: ♣近  faded, withered
A: ♣反  blooming 盛开的

Q:wobble  ['wɔbl]
A: ♠考法1  vi. 摇晃，颤抖： to move or proceed with an irregular rocking or staggering motion or unsteadily and clumsily from side to side
A: ♣例  The drunk stood up, wobbled for a moment, and fell forward. 醉汉站了起来，晃动了一阵，然后向前倒了下去。
A: ♣近  rock, totter
A: ♣反  stabilize 使稳定
A: ♠考法2  vi. 犹豫不决： to show uncertainty about the right course of action
A: ♣例  We cannot tolerate the government wobbling at this critical time. 我们不能容忍政府在这种关键时刻犹豫不决。
A: ♣近  falter, stagger, teeter, vacillate, waver

Q:worldly  ['wə:ldli]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 世间的，世俗的： of this world rather than spiritual or religion affairs
A: ♣例  preoccupied with worldly concerns 纠缠于世俗的忧虑‖It is time you woke up and focused your thoughts on more worldly matters. 现在你应该停止做梦然后把自己的精力集中在更现实的问题上了。
A: ♣近  carnal, corporeal, material, mundane
A: ♣反  mental, spiritual 精神的；heavenly 天国的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 老练的： experienced in human affairs
A: ♣例  My little sister was worldly and sophisticated, quite unlike me. 与我截然不同的是，我的妹妹在为人处世方面非常老练。
A: ♣近  cosmopolitan, sophisticated
A: ♣反  ingenuous, innocent, na?ve, unsophisticated 天真的

Q:worship  ['wə:ʃip]
A: ♠考法1  n. 崇拜，敬仰： extravagant respect to an object of esteem
A: ♣例  the belief in swords and the worship of force 刀剑信仰与武力崇拜
A: ♣近  adulation, adoration, deification, idolatry, reverence, veneration
A: ♣反  dislike, dismissal, disregard, hatred, loathing, scorn 反感，厌恶
A: ♠考法2  v. 崇拜，膜拜： to offer honor or respect to (someone) as a divine power
A: ♣例  The ancient Greeks worshipped many different gods. 古希腊人崇拜不同的神明。
A: ♣近  adore, deify, glorify, revere, venerate
A: ♣反  blaspheme, desecrate, profane, violate 亵渎

Q:wrangle  ['ræŋɡl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 纷争，争端： an often noisy or angry expression of differing opinions
A: ♣例  There was a bit of a wrangle over how much money to give the high school for its sports programs. 这个高中应该获得多少体育项目的拨款引起了一阵纷争。
A: ♣近  altercation, controversy, disagreement, dispute, fight, imbroglio, quarrel, squabble
A: ♣反  harmony 和谐
A: ♠考法2  vi. 争吵： to quarrel noisily or angrily
A: ♣例  Local residents wrangled for hours about property taxes. 当地居民就房产税的问题争吵不休。
A: ♣近  altercate, argue, bicker, controvert, hassle, quibble, spat, tiff
A: ♣派  wrangler n. 争吵的人

Q:wrest  [rest]
A: ♠考法1  vt. 拧，扭动： to pull, force, or move by violent wringing or twisting movements
A: ♣例  wrest the lid off this pickle jar 把泡菜罐的盖子拧下来
A: ♣近  twist, wrench, wring
A: ♠考法2  vt. 辛苦地获得： to gain with difficulty by or as if by force, violence, or determined labor
A: ♣例  farmers who were used to wresting a living from the barren land 一度依靠贫瘠的土地恶劣度日的农民
A: ♣近  scrape, scrounge, squeeze

Q:wretched  ['retʃid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 极差的： very poor in quality or ability
A: ♣例  the wretched conditions of the refugee camp 难民营极恶劣的条件
A: ♣近  bad, coarse, inferior, low-grade, mediocre, miserable, poor, rubbishy, terrible, trashy
A: ♣反  excellent, fine, first-class, first-rate, good, high-grade, superior 优质的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 沮丧的： deeply afflicted, dejected, or distressed in body or mind
A: ♣例  She was wretched for weeks after breaking up with her boyfriend. 她与男友分手后郁闷了几个星期。
A: ♣近  blue, crestfallen, dejected, doleful, dolorous, gloomy, melancholy, mournful, rueful, sorrowful, woeful
A: ♣反  blissful, buoyant, cheerful, delighted, glad, happy, joyful, jubilant 欢乐的
A: ♣派  wretchedness n. 沮丧

Q:wrongheaded  ['rɔŋ'hedid]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 固执己见的，坚持（错误观点）的： stubborn in adherence to wrong opinion or principles
A: ♣例  In spite of other’s objections, he is always wrongheaded in his opinions. 他总是不管他人的反对而坚持自己哪怕是错误的观点。
A: ♣近  adamant, headstrong, immovable, implacable, inconvincible, inflexible, intransigent, mulish, obdurate, pertinacious, perverse, stubborn, unyielding, willful
A: ♣反  acquiescent, agreeable, amenable, compliant, flexible, pliable, pliant

Q:wry  [rai]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 扭曲的： abnormally twisted or bent to one side
A: ♣例  a wry smile 扭曲的笑容
A: ♣近  bending, crooked, curving, devious
A: ♣反  common, normal, usual 正常的
A: ♠考法2  adj. 坚持错误的： stubborn in adherence to wrong opinion or principles
A: ♣近  headstrong, obstinate, pertinacious, perverse, stubborn, wrongheaded
A: ♣反  amenable, compliant, complying, flexible, pliable, pliant, relenting, yielding 容易改变立场的

Q:xenophobe  ['zenəfəub]
A: ♠考法1  n. 仇视（或畏惧）外国人（或外国事物）者： one unduly fearful of what is foreign and especially of people of foreign origin
A: ♣例  But from what I know, no way could this thoroughly US-educated woman (from the age of 12) be a xenophobe. 但根据我的了解，这个从12岁起就接受彻底的美国教育的女人不可能是抵触外国事物的人。
A: ♣反  xenomania 媚外的人
A: ♣派  xenophobia n. 仇外情绪

Q:yoke  [jəuk]
A: ♠考法1  v. 连接： to become joined or linked
A: ♣例  yoked several ideas together to propose a novel theory 将几个想法结合起来提出一个全新的理论
A: ♣近  chain, conjugate, hook, interconnect, join, link, unite
A: ♣反  disconnect, disjoin, dissever, disunite, separate, sunder, unchain, unlink, unyoke 分开

Q:yokel  ['jəukəl]
A: ♠考法1  n. 乡下人，天真纯朴的人： a naive or gullible inhabitant of a rural areaor small town
A: ♣例  a lame comedy about the misadventures of yokels in the big city 描述乡下人在大都市中遭遇的不幸的劣质喜剧
A: ♣近  bucolic, bumpkin, churl, provincial, rustic
A: ♣反  cosmopolitan 云游四海的人

Q:zeal  [zi:l]
A: ♠考法1  n. 热心，热诚： enthusiastic devotion to a cause, ideal, or goal and tireless diligence in its furtherance
A: ♣例  preaches with fanatical zeal 带着狂热进行传教
A: ♣近  ardor, devotion, enthusiasm, fervidness, fervor, passion
A: ♣反  apathy, indifference, nonchalance, torpor, unconcern 麻木，冷漠
A: ♣派  zealous adj. 狂热的

Q:zealot  ['zelət]
A: ♠考法1  n. 狂热者： a zealous person; especially: a fanatical partisan
A: ♣例  a religious zealot calling for another Crusade 呼唤下一场十字军东征的宗教狂热者
A: ♣近  activist, crusader, fanatic, partisan, red hot
A: ♣派  zealotry n. 狂热的行为

Q:zenith  ['zeniθ]
A: ♠考法1  n. 最高点，巅峰： culminating point
A: ♣例  at the zenith of his power 位极人臣
A: ♣近  acme, apex, apogee, climax, crescendo, crest, peak, pinnacle, summit, top
A: ♣反  bottom, nadir 最低点

Q:zesty  ['zesti]
A: ♠考法1  adj. 刺激的，开胃的： appealingly piquant or lively
A: ♣例  a zesty sauce 味道刺激的酱汁
A: ♣近  peppery, piquant, pungent, salty, savory, spicy, zingy
A: ♣反  bland, insipid, vapid, zestless 乏味的