


Do you agree or disagree that for a school teacher, it's very hard that being popular among the students and in the same time making student effective learning

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Students can get as many benefits from organnization or club activities as they can get from their academic studies?

When you are assigned an important presentation for work or school a month in advance, and you are required to write a presentation. Which way do you prefer?
1. To start to work it right away, so you can work on it a little bit every day.
2. To wait until the end of the month when you have a good idea about the presentation.

Modern agriculture methods damage the environment, but provding food for the growing population around the world is more important than protecting the enviroment.

It is better to spend money on traveling than to save it for future use.

People often buy products not because they really need them but because others have them.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? the best way to learn about a foreign country is to read the newspapers and magazines from that country.

The personal and work-related challenges that young people face are not very different from the challenges their parents and grandparents faced when they were young

the best way to learn about a foreign country is to read the newspapers and magazines from that country.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Governments should focus more on preserving the enviroment rather that developing the economy.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Parents should help children do their work rather than encouraging them to do the work on their own.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People should care about things that's happening around the world even though they are not related to our daily lives.

Do you agree or diagree with the following statement? To solve the problems of the present and the future, people should review the past.

Do you agree or diagree with the following statement£¿ Playing sports teaches people more lessons about life.

do you agree or disagree with the following statement£¿ Children should play sports only for fun, so they should not attend competitions.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? For successful development of a country, the government should focus its budget more on the education of very young.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Drivers have to pay a fee for driving in busy city streets when there is a great amount of traffic.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Patience is usually not a good strategy; we should take action now rather than later.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? There is never a reason to be rude to another person. Use specific reasons to support.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? We should use more Clean Energy such as solar energy or wind energy to instead of pollutive energy such as gas or coal even they are less expensive.


Some people argue using a cleaner energy to protect the environment, but some people say that traditional energy sources such as coal and oil is less expensive, what is your suggestion.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Professional athletes who receive high salaries, such as football and basketball players.

do you think great artists or political leader who benefit our society more.

If your teacher says something incorrect in a class, what will you do?
1. Interrupt your teacher right away
2. Keep silent

It is more fun to see a movie in a cinema with other people than see a movie at home

Many high school student are doing a lot of school work already. Some people believe that students should help their parents with household chorse, 
since it's the best way to give them a sense of responsibility.

It's necessary to put a lot of money into a business to make it successful.

A leader should have strong opinions and not change his opinion

Which goal will you set for the New Year, helping others in your community, hleathy diet, or

Parents should make suggestion to the teacher if parents find the teaching method is not right

Some people think university professors should spend more time doing research while others think they should spend more time educating student.

------------
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The more money people have the more they should give away to charity.
Some people think that athletes and entertainers should become politicians, while other people think that athletes and entertainers should not be involved in politics. Which do you prefer and why?
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? people nowadays depend too much on new technologies(such as social media and text messaging) to communicate with each other.
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? people in the past are more interested in improving their neightborhood(the area where they live) than now.
A city's government wishes to attract more tourists. The city can either improve safety by hiring more police, or improve its appearance by repairing old buildings and streets. In your opinion, which approache would be more effective in attracting trourists?
In times of economic crisis, in which field do you think the goverment can cut financial support? 1 Education health care unemployment
Some people say that students should study many lessons during a semester, but others say that it is better for students to just take three or four lessonsl Which do you think is better?
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Worker would be much happier if they are doing different types of tasks during their workday than one type of task.
Children rely too much on technology for entertainment
Teachers were more appreciated and valued by the society in the past than they are in today.
The most important goal of education is to help people educate themselves?
It is just as important for older people to study and learn new things as it is for youngers.
The government is not doing enough to educate people about the importance of good nutrition and healthy eating.
One can learn a lot about a person from the types of friends this person has.
if a person wants to be successful, he or she must be openminded to new ideas and willing to change his or her mind.




